                                        
                                 /-------------------------------------------------\ 
                                /---------------------------------------------------\
                               / |-------/ / CHRIS MULLINS'S NEO-GEO FAQ \ \-------| \                    
                              < <|      / /    VER 9.6c, copyright 1999   \ \      |> >
                               \ |-----/ / E-Mail me at CMull11217@aol.com.\ \-----| /
                                \---------------------------------------------------/
                                 \-------------------------------------------------/
                       
                                               ~remembering a tradition~

                                                   Updated  2/28/99

                                      Want to see my website? If so, then go here:
                                            http://members.xoom.com/Old_Don/

                            Want to see my other FAQs I made?  If so, point your browser here:
                                  http://members.aol.com/CMull11217/private/index.htm

                This faq is made by Chris Mullins for reading to anyone who wants to know 
about the Neo-Geo Entertainment System, the Neo-Geo CD equivalent, and the MVS arcade system. 
Now, please enjoy this FAQ!

Contents:
  
  TOTAL QUESTIONS ANSWERED: 71

----------------- 
               
  QUESTIONS YOU SHOULD READ:
  
    Why did I create this FAQ?
    The History behind the NEOGEO?
    Why have Japanese names of games in one section, and American names in another?
    Do I actually have to read this whole FAQ?
    How do I print this FAQ out?
    Is the NEOGEO really worth the money?
                                                                                        
  GENERAL QUESTIONS:

    What is a NEOGEO or NEOGEO CD?
    What are the specifications for the system?
    How much does the system and games cost?
    What accessories are available for it?
    What accessories were proposed, but never released for the NEOGEO?
    Are Japanese games compatible with U.S. NEOGEO's?
    Are there any Third Party Manufacturers for the NEOGEO?
    What's this I hear about NEOGEO Emulation?
    What are the Memory Card and Controller Test?
    Can you get extension cables for the controllers?
    What about the Multi-Link feature?
    NEOGEO Cartridges with cardboard boxes?  What the...?
    Oh my word!  An SNK portable machine!  Tell me more.
    Is the NEOGEO POCKET worth the money?
    What about these "Prototype" cartridges I'm hearing of?
    Which Game Magazines cover the NEOGEO?
    What's the current status of the NEOGEO?
    Can I Contact SNK?
    Why is SNK of America so complacent?

  NEOGEO(Cart, CD, CDZ) MODIFICATION QUESTIONS:

    I want the "Blood and Bouncy" code for King of Fighters '94? How do I get it?
    I heard that MAS SYSTEMS does various modifications to Neo-Geo Cartridge systems. Please tell me about it.
    Can I Convert MVS Games to Neo-Geo Home Carts?
    Can you make up Inserts and Manuals for Converted home carts?
    Man, the NEOGEO CD is too slow! Can't I put in an 8x CD-ROM drive in my NEOGEO CD?
    I hate Composite video!  How can I get RGB?
    Do you think the composite video problem is in the system?

  NEOGEO CD and CDZ QUESTIONS:

    What is a NEOGEO CDZ?
    Just how time-consuming is the load time for the NEOGEO CD?
    What should I get, a Cartridge or CD system?
    What should I get, the NEOGEO CD, or the NEOGEO CDZ system?
    Are HK's and CDR's for the NEOGEO CD illegal?

  NEOGEO MVS QUESTIONS:

    I can't find the Home Cartridges I want. Are you sure I can't use MVS Cartridges in a Home Cartridge system?
    Are the NEOGEO MVS boards JAMMA?
    Is it Possible to Hook up my Neo controllers to an MVS board?
    Then, should I get a 1-slot board, because it's cheaper?
    What should I get, a home cartridge system, or an MVS cartridge system?
    What's this about a trackball setup?
    I want to get an MVS System(Arcade Machine or Super Gun->MVS board), but where, or how do I go about finding one?
    Is SNK going to upgrade the MVS board?
    
  NEOGEO MARKETPLACE QUESTIONS:

    Why can't I find my favorite Neo cartridge?
    Do you have any NEOGEO Systems or Games for sale?
    What makes sense, ONE new cartridge, or a bunch of older cartridges?
    Someone said that Metal Slug is a RARE game.  Where do I get it?
    I'm tired of my Neo Cartridge(s)(or CDs). How do I get rid of them?

  NEOGEO TECHNICAL HELP:

    How come my games look weird when I play them?
    How come my Neo games don't work?
    I tried everything, but my screen still looks garbled! What should I do?
    How do I design a game for the NEOGEO?

  NEOGEO GAME QUESTIONS:

    You gave Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~ an Excellent rating.  But I heard that was a bad game from other people.  
What's up with that?
    Someone has Garou Densetsu 3 for $299, but I don't want to spend that much on the game.  What's the market price for this game?
    How did you figure out Megabit counts for the CD games?
    How many games do you own for the NEOGEO?  Are they any good?
    Are there any significant oddities pertaining to the Neo-Geo and its games?
    What games are only available in Japanese form on the Neo-Geo?
    How come new cartridges don't come with sealed stickers anymore?
    On NAM-1975, how come on the sticker on the cart has another sticker over it?
    What Games do you Recommend for the NEOGEO(CD)?
    What is the Biggest Game Currently for the NEOGEO?
    How does SNK's best stack up against Capcom's best?
    
  OTHER QUESTIONS:

    Can the NEOGEO handle more than 330 Megs?
    Are NEOGEO games compressed?
    What is GIGA POWER on the intro screen? Is it more than a marketing name?
    What's the deal on the HYPER NEOGEO 64?
    Are there any Back-Up units for the NEOGEO?
    Do you have any CODES for Neo games?

  GAME LIST:

    Action
    Fighting
    Shooter
    Puzzle
    Sports/Other
    Neo CD Exclusive Titles
    Games Not Yet Released
    Japanese Name to American Name

  MARKET PRICES:

    NEOGEO Home Carts
    NEOGEO CD Games
    NEOGEO MVS Carts

  NEO MARKETPLACE

    NEOGEO Cart/CD Stores
    NEOGEO MVS Stores

  UPDATES, AND COMING SOON TO MY FAQ!

-----------------


|-------------------------|
|Questions You Should Read|
|-------------------------|


----Why did I create this FAQ?
       Well, there were many reasons, but the first, was that there was no other current
Neo FAQ out on the internet. Ralph Barbagallo's FAQ was, in April 1997, 2 1/2 years without
an update, and I felt I had to do something.
       I wanted to cover all aspects of the Neo, from getting games to work, to having a COMPLETE
Game List, having answers about converting carts, etc. It took almost two years, but now,
I can safely say that my FAQ is nearly complete.
       It will always get 'better' in some way, shape, or form, but with my hard work, and
you guys(the FAQ readers) chipping in some great info, everyone will benefit. Thanks to all
who helped me with this FAQ over the years, and special congratulations to Ralph Barbagallo, for
making the first one.  Without it, I wouldn't have had a measuring stick as to how to write a good
system FAQ.


----What is the History of the NEOGEO?
      SNK originally intended for the NEOGEO to be a home rental system, as it was too 
expensive for most people at launch time. After two months though, SNK stopped doing this, and 
started to sell them vigorously, to the best of their ability.
      The Neo stood strong, after going through a motherboard change for the video output(they
needed to have better composite output from the Neo, as the first NEOGEOs had horrid composite
output). Who knows what could happen next?
      SNK tried to push the Neo-Geo, with Penthouse Magazine Ads, game leaflets, and a big packet of
info(game lists, pricing, SS2 preview, etc.)that they would send prospective buyers. Since that didn't
go over too well, the inevitable must come....
      In 1994, after Samurai Shodown 2 in U.S.A. was released, the front-office of SNK US 
changed, with Chad Okada(the Game Lord)leaving for Sony, and new people taking the reins. And
what a blow it took to SNK's credibility. No more marketing, no more advertisements, and that meant
a dip in home sales for SNK.
      Even now in 1998, SNK is still feeling the effects of the damage done in late 1994. No matter
how profitable they become right now, SNK could always say, that they could've been bigger. Oh well,
you can't win them all...


----Why have Japanese and American names in different sections of this FAQ, instead of them matching up?
      There is a reason why I decided to keep it that way, so that you should try to learn the Japanese
and American names of the Neo-Geo games. Why?  Well, if someone offers you a game for a damn good 
price, but if you forgot the Japanese names of them..you will not know that it's a good, or bad deal.
      I did that, mainly to help the readers learn the names of the games. To be a serious Neo-Geo
'Freak', and to know all you can about the Neo, you should learn them.


----Do I actually have to read this whole FAQ?
      Well, granted, it's over 100 Kilobits in size, and there are many questions that are answered.
But, use this as a reference guide. Print the whole thing out, use it as a reference tool...refer to
this first when you have a question, or when you found a game that you don't know the name of, but you have
the description for...
      Basically, all the hard work myself and other people put in this over the years, is done so everyone
can benefit. Please, try to read the whole thing, and if you have ANY questions, feel free to contact me
at CMull11217@aol.com.


----How do I print this FAQ out?
      The best and most efficient way to print this out, is by using Landscape mode, in Econofast type
setting.  This is over 30 pages, so you want it to print out fast, and with Landscape mode, you
can get ALL the information that way. :)


----Is the NEOGEO really worth the money?
      Well, I think it is, for a long while.  But, if you go to the arcades a lot, then you may
shy away from this, as the Neo is slowly starting to age.  Venerable, yes.  But, SNK needs to
upgrade this board, to stay in contention.  It is worth it, albeit for the plethora of great
titles out there.  It'll be around for a while, but the games now, may not be the best in the
WHOLE arcade scene, just the best on the Neo-Geo.


|-----------------|
|General Questions|
|-----------------|

----What is a NEOGEO or NEOGEO CD,  and what are the specs for it?
       The NEOGEO is an exact copy of SNK's MVS arcade hardware, with MVS 
standing for Multi-Video System. SNK makes games in this order:  MVS 
Cartridge, Home Cartridge, and CD-ROM(for the NEOGEO CD). Remember that there are
very few games that are CD only, or are MVS only.
        Arcade operators have the MVS boards set up, to where you can play up to 
6 games(can access different ones with a push of the button) while standing at 
one machine. There are also 4 game, 2 game(2 monitor), 2 game(1 monitor), 
and single units.
        The specs on this thing are pretty good(who cares if this is nine years 
old!), including decent sound(timetested). Here they are:

Processor:                           Motorola 68000(12 Mhz, 16-bit), Zilog-80A(4 Mhz, 8-bit)
                                           (technically a 16-bit machine, not 24-bit)
Resolution:                          320x224
Color Palette:                       65,536
Maximum Colors On-Screen:            4,096
Maximum Sprites On-Screen:           380
Minimum Sprite Size:                 1x2
Maximum Sprite Size:                 16x512
Maximum Amount of Game Planes:       3                        
Sound Channels:                      4-FM synthesis, 7-Digital, 3-PSG, 1-Noise channel
Internal RAM:                        Work RAM: 64Kb
                                     Video RAM: 68Kb
                                     Z80 RAM: 2Kb 
                                     Memory Card(see below)

          The NEOGEOCD has all, including a single-speed CD-ROM drive, 
64Kb of Static RAM, 512Kb Video RAM, cool loading screens, and 56 Mbits of D-RAM! The
CDZ, likewise, except with more cache and a faster CD controller.


----How much does a NEOGEO system cost?
          The $64,000 question, I guess. When the NEOGEO first came out in 
1990, it cost $650 with either NAM-1975 or Baseball Stars Professional, and 
games soon followed, costing $200 apiece. Now, you could pick a Neo up for 
about $200, but new games run you $300 apiece, due to the extremely large 
size and megabit count of them. But you could find old, used games for a lot 
cheaper(about $40-50 apiece), and a lot better bang for the buck that way.
(See later in the FAQ for my counterpoint to the statement above.)
           The NEOGEO CD came out in 1994 as the supposed answer to SNK's 
gamut of problems, with cheaper games and a standard medium to put them on.  
It's still a viable system to purchase, because the new games are about $200 
cheaper. But certain used games are cheaper on cartridge, and load time is a 
big problem(due to the demanding fighting games made for it, and it being a 
single-speed drive). The NEOGEO CD costs about $250 new, and games run 
about $50-70 apiece new for it. The CDZ, remember, which runs all CD games,
costs $400 new.(see later for my opinions on the CDZ)


----What accessories are available for the NEOGEO?
           Joystick:  There are two kinds of joysticks available for the NEOGEO.  
First is the bigger, more stable joysticks, where motions can be done with ease( 
most, at least). But the others are lighter, more apt to break, and harder to even 
pull off motions on it.  To some people, they don't like the fact that SNK doesn't 
make the older, heavier controllers anymore, only the smaller, sleeker 
controllers.
           Memory Card:  This device on the NEOGEO Cartridge System
 can save any position in ANY game(from 19-27 game positions saved), and can be put in 
an MVS arcade cabinet so you can resume playing from your saved game in the 
arcade(8 Kbytes of RAM). You can also use any memory card that has 68 pins, and
that is JEIDA spec ver.3, or higher. Also, you can use bigger memory cards that fit
the JEIDA standard as well, for more saved games!
          Joypad Controllers:  Pretty good controllers, but may be hard to pull off 
certain motions on it, and may seem out of place on the NEOGEO.
          RGB/S-Video Cables: Yes!  You can have arcade quality graphics with
the RGB cable(and near-arcade quality with the S-Video cable)!  But, you'll have to
make your own, because all of the old peripherals are not made 
anymore.  
          Nylon Carry Bags: Have you ever wanted to take your NEOGEO on
vacation?  To college, or to your Grandma's? Well, now you can, with these
nylon carry bags, which are padded for the Neo's protection. Although
these products are rather old, you can probably still find them at SNK, or
at other retailers listed in the "Phone Numbers" section.
           There are other products out there made by third-parties and other 
companies, but are not listed here(like tons of specialty controllers, which were 
mostly made back in 1993-1994).  


----What Accessories were Proposed, but never released on the NEO-GEO?
        There were some accessories for the Neo-Geo, mainly back in the earlier years of
its life, but never surfaced. Below, they stand:
        1. The Neo-Geo Network:  This was a network, which included games with built-in modems
(only Minnasanno Okagesamadesu was made like that), for link-up play all across Japan. 
Proposed in 1991, it never surfaced, only in prototype form.
        2. Keyboards: There were two keyboards for the Neo-Geo...The first, is a Mahjong
controller, with 8 buttons(no joystick itself, no directional up and down)..and the second, is
a computer-style keyboard, for the Neo-Geo network. Both were shot down in late 1991, only
prototypes exist.
        3. The Neo CD unit, which was supposed to attach on the Neo cart unit...which
was unfortunately vaporware, determined to be that in 1993.
      If you know any others, tell me, and you'll get credit in my FAQ. Thanks very much!


----Are Japanese games compatible with U.S. NEOGEO's?
          Yes they are, and will play in English, if you have an English system. If
you have a Japanese system, English games play in Japanese.  The same goes for
European PAL systems, as well(play in European/English language of your system's heritage, US,
Japan, Europe, etc.).  NEOGEO CD systems are the same way; if you have a US Neo CD, and have
a Japanese CD game, it will play in English.  If you have a Japanese Neo CD, and a US CD game,
it will play in Japanese.
 

----Are there any Third Party Game Manufacturers for the NEOGEO?
       There used to be several third party companies publishing in
America, but now only produce in Japan(and let SNK publish them over
here), such as Visco, Pallas, Video System, Alpha Denshi(ADK), Face, Saurus, 
Sunsoft, Aicom, DataEast, Tradewest, Hudson Soft, Nazca, Taito, Viccom, Technos,
American Sammy, Monolith, Takara, Success, NMK, Yumekobo, and Wave.  They all publish 
games in Japan, or just stopped making games for SNK. 
       To tell the truth, most of these were probably separate entities within SNK,
such as ADK, Saurus, etc.


----What's this I hear about NEOGEO Emulation?
      That's right, you can now emulate Neo-Geo cartridge games on your own
computer.  After about a year of teasers and updates on how to do an emula-
tor of the Neo-Geo, a couple of them are now available.  There are a couple
of flaws on them, such as minor graphics flaws, and joystick capabilities
aren't well done at the moment. ROMs are coming along at a frantic pace, and some
of the emulated games include Shin-Oh-Ken, Samurai Spirits Zankuro Musouken,
Operation Ragnarok, Real Bout Garou Densetsu 2, etc.
     There is sound available on the MAME emulator, and it has emulated sound
pretty well. But, there is no substitute for the real thing! You need a very fast
computer though, like a Pentium-200 with 128 MB RAM to run everything well.
     Recently, the rage behind Neo emulation died down, and thereforth, this topic
will be a forgotten bygone in the Neo's history.
Here's some sites that deal with Neo-Geo emulation:
  www.davesclassics.com --ROMs and Emulators
  www.romlist.com --ROMs
  neocharity.retrogames.com --ROMs


----What is the Memory Card test and the Controller Test?
         The Memory Card test does test and let you format cards, delete 
saves, copy saves, and read files.  You press and hold ABCD(on first controller)
 when a game is inserted, press reset, and it is activated.  The Controller 
Test tests to see if you have a broken controller, and it is activated by 
inserting a game, turning on the power as you're holding ABCD, on the second controller.
 There is either a 0 or 1 when you press any button in the test.


----Are there extention cables for my controllers available?
          You can actually use PC controller 15-pin extention cables without 
any modifications necessary.


----What about the Multi-Link feature?
          Some games (Riding Hero, League Bowling, Thrash Rally, and the two 
Versus Prototype games) for the NEOGEO feature the Multi-Link Feature, which 
means you can network two NEOGEOs together, with two separate TVs.  But the 
Multi-Link Cable is essentially a wire with two male mini-headphone jacks,
one at each end.


----NEOGEO Cartridges with cardboard boxes?  What the....?
      Yes, the above statement is indeed true.  The first 18 games were
released in Japan, with cardboard boxes not unlike the Nintendo(Famicom)
game boxes.  These are rarer than the other box forms, by far, and are
desired by collectors everywhere.


----Oh my word!  An SNK portable machine?!  Tell me more.
       Alright, I'll try to.  SNK is designing a portable machine, along the lines
of a portable organizer, and utilizes mini-cartridge games as well. It is a
totally different system from the Neo-Geo, called the NEOGEO POCKET. Here are
the specifications:
 
Processor:           Motorola 68000
Display type:        2.6 inch LCD, 8-level grey scale
Resolution:          160x152
Built-in Software:   World Clock, calendar, horoscope program
Memory:              built-in memory back-up(by way of lithium battery)
Power Source:        2 AAA batteries, or AC adapter
Battery life:        20 hours continuous operation
Connectors:          5-pin connector(communication use)
                     Headphones connector
                     AC Adapter

       It costs around $60, and was released in the last week of October 1998. 8 games
were released at launch, including a pocket version of King of Fighters(named with an R-1
suffix).  Also, it will be able to connect to Sega's new console, Dreamcast, which will 
allow gameplay over Sega's network.  There is a color version of the Neo Geo Pocket coming
out soon, so the b/w version will be eradicated.


----Is the NEOGEO POCKET worth the money?
     In my opinion, yes it is, although I don't have one.  The graphics are damned good for
a portable, and in fact, SNK is making some good games for this as well.  I'm surprised at
this machine; it seems to be a winner.


----What about these "Prototype" cartridges I'm hearing of?
      These cartridges are not even prototype at all, at least games like
Gururin, Panic Bomber, etc.  These are bootlegged copies of them, stolen from
SNK of Japan, are copied carts from Brazil, or are converted MVS carts.  The following, 
are unreleased MVS games:
     Baseball Stars 3
     Death Match
     Droppers
     Dunk Stars
     Fire Suplex 2
     Fun Fun Brothers
     Fu'un Super Tag Battle Link-Up
     GhostLop
     Heavy Glove Boxing
     Magician Lord 2
     Mystic Wand
     Ninja Gaiden
     Pair Pair Wars  
     QP(CD only)         
     Reactor
     Sunshine
     World Heroes Link-Up
     Zupapa
          
          That's about it, but caveat emptor, as almost all of the above have been pirated 
and copied for years in Latin America. The games that are MVS Only, if they are on home, 
are converted cartridges.


----Which Game Magazines cover the NEOGEO?
      Back from 1991, American magazines covered the Neo-Geo from day one, and there was
a decent amount of hoopla surrounding it. And, it continued for several more years, in such magazines
like Electronic Gaming Monthly, GamePro, Die Hard Game Fan, etc.
      But, in 1995, most of the magazines stopped covering the Neo(mainly because they were
tired of going to the arcade to review the games), and readers had to turn to Japan for their
Neo info.
      In 1996, Neo-Geo FREAK was introduced in Japan, which is the only all-Neo magazine to date.
It still is around, bigger than ever. Also, Gamest also covers the Neo in their magazine as well.


----What's the current status of the Neo?
        The current status of the Neo is doing EXCELLENT!  SNK, which I thought was
going downhill not too long ago, has came back with a vengeance!  With Bakumatsu Roman
Daini Maku Gekkano Kenshi and King of Fighters' 98 making an impact on the arcade scene, 
and that they are both top-notch games, SNK is moving on up!
        Also, besides the Neo-Geo, the Neo Geo Pocket is going strong, and the 
HYPER Neo Geo 64 is not complacent anymore; moreover, it is now a force to be reckoned with.
With Fatal Fury:Wild Ambition out, SNK is seemingly unstoppable!  Also, the Neo-Geo will
be supported for at least 3 more years!
        Since the "Max 1 Giga" capabilities with Real Bout Fatal Fury 2 are used,
we'll see more Neo-Geo games before it's through, perhaps up to 1000 Megs!
Looking back at 1992, no one would have imagined that the Neo STILL has a
following, and it's doing rather well.


----Can I Contact SNK?
         Of course you can, I've included all the addresses and phone
numbers from all their branches, so you can write them and tell your story!
Don't expect a quick answer from SNK, or even an answer at all, however,
as they aren't the fastest responders to mail.

     SNK CORPORATION OF AMERICA, Torrance
     20603 EARL ST.
     Torrance, CA 90503 U.S.A
     Phone#: (310)371-7100
     Fax#: (310)371-0969

     SNK CORPORATION OF AMERICA, San Jose
     17 Great Oaks Boulevard
     San Jose, CA 95119 U.S.A
     Phone#:(408)292-4550
     Fax#:(408)292-4271

     SNK ASIA LIMITED
     SUITE 807, TOWER 1, THE GATEWAY
     25 CANTON ROAD
     TSIM SHA TSUI KOWLOON,HONG KONG
     Phone#: (852)2730-0420
     Fax#: (852)2375-3203

     SNK SINGAPORE LIMITED
     7 TAMASEK BOULEVARD #12-02A 
     SUNTEC CITY , TOWER ONE SINGAPORE 038987
     Phone#: (65)336-7877 
     Fax#: (65)336-2270

     SNK EUROPE LIMITED
     2ND FLOOR, MARLBOROUGH HOUSE, 298 REGENTS PARK ROAD,
     LONDON, N3 2SZ
     ENGLAND
     Phone#: (44)181-371-9911 
     Fax#: (44)181-371-9890

     SNK CORPORATION MIDDLE EAST
     P.O.BOX 17306 
     JEBEL ALI FREE ZONE, DUBAI, UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
     Phone#: (971)4-814602 
     Fax#: (971)4-814605

     NEO GEO DO BRASIL LTDA.
     AV. EUCLIDES, 64/68, JABAQUARA
     CEP 04326-080, SAO PAULO, BRAZIL
     Phone#: (55)11-5588-2300
     Fax#: (55)11-5588-2790

     NEO-CREATION, INC.
     2919 KAPIOLANI BOULEVARD #1
     HONOLULU, HAWAII 96826 U.S.A
     Phone#: (808)737-1912 
     Fax#: (808)737-1905


----Why is SNK of America so complacent?
        First, after Bonnie Lais and Chad Okada left the company, SNK put a new director's
board in charge of SNK of America. They appointed people to the positions of President, and
Manager, and one word sums them up; lazy. They are completely lazy when getting anything
done, with the exception of buying new carts from them(whether MVS or Home). So, please
don't have high hopes for them, if you ask them to do something, as more often than not,
it won't get done.
        Perhaps they are busy, as they have to put up with SNK of Japan, and if you're a regular
customer of theirs, they'll put you on a first name basis.  Well, all I have to say is, don't 
expect much, but you may get a lot in return.


|------------------------------|
|Neo-Geo Modification Questions|
|------------------------------|


----I want the "Blood and Bouncy" code in King of Fighters '94?  How do I Get it?
         First, you can either input the code normally(which is time-consuming), or 
you can have a language switch installed.  In the following paragraphs I will 
explain how to do so in a NEOGEOCD(Z). This may also work for the cartridge 
system as well.
         Also, don't turn the switch when the system is on! It may damage the 
system! And I will NOT take responsibility for your mishaps on making this,
should an accident occur.
         Now, here are the directions:
     1. Unplug all cables from the NEOGEOCD(Z), and remove any disks that 
may be inside.
     2. Turn over the NEOGEOCD(Z) and remove the four screws at the corner 
of the case. After removing the screws, carefully lift the TOP portion of 
the case so that it does not get stuck on the joystick connectors.
     3. Place the top portion of the case next to the bottom so that the CD data 
cable does not get removed from its socket.
     4. Look at the board with the joystick connectors. Carefully remove the 
Data Cable from its socket. Next, remove the six screws and carefully 
remove the board from its case. Also, be aware that there is a switch 
already present on the board. This is NOT a pre-installed language 
switch(DON'T TOUCH IT!).
     5. Look at the jumpers near the Data Cable(at southwest position from the 
Data Cable, when the diagram near the Data Cable is facing north, 
relatively). If you have an American NEOGEOCD there will be a jumper 
located at JN1. If you have a European system, the jumper will be at 
JN2. On a Japanese NEOGEOCD(Z), there is no jumper set.
     6. Look at the jumper diagram near the Data Cable. Now you have to 
decide what modes to switch from and to. If you have any remaining 
jumpers, remove them with a soldering iron. Also take the time to 
decide whether you want a remote switch, or one soldered to the board.
     7. (FOR JAPANESE TO USA MODE)If you decided on a remote switch, 
solder a piece of wire to one terminal of JN1 and solder the other end of 
the wire to one of the terminals on the switch. Next, solder another wire 
to the other terminal of JN1 and then to the other terminal on the switch. 
You now have a working USA to Japanese mode switch. You can now 
cut a hole in the case of your NEOGEOCD(Z) and mount the switch( if 
you want to). If you wanted to switch between Europe and Japanese 
mode just substitute JN2 for JN1 in the above example. Also, if you did 
not want a remote switch, you can optionally mount the switch directly to 
the board. This makes it really hard to change modes when you want 
to. 
      (ALL THREE MODES) If you wish to have all three modes you have 
several options. First, you can buy a three-way switch, that must support 
both JN1 and JN2 open, JN1 closed and JN2 open, and JN2 closed and 
JN1 open. Or, you can install two switches. In the second part, you 
could use USA mode by leaving the JN2 switch in Japanese mode and 
setting the JN1 switch for USA. European mode can be used by leaving 
JN1 in Japanese Mode and setting JN2 for European. Japanese mode 
would be accomplished by leaving both switches in Japanese mode. 
Please do NOT leave both switches in either USA or European mode.
      8. Now reassemble your NEOGEOCD(Z).
      9. Now reattach everything and try a game in Japanese mode and then try 
it in American mode. If it works both times, you have a successful 
switch! 
     If you don't want to do this yourself, please contact MAS Systems, as 
they will modify your NeoGeo to show the blood with the flick of a toggle button.
        But, on newer games, you don't have to enter a code, or
make a language switch for it, because they already contain blood
and other adultish themes.


----I heard that MAS SYSTEMS does various modifications to Neo-Geo Cartridge
Systems.  Please tell me about it.
      I'll try to explain the best I can, but since I only own a simple Japanese
modded system, I'll only go by what other reliable sources told me about them.  Here
it goes:
    Stereo-SVideo Mod: This mod enables you to use S-Video and Stereo outputs on your
Neo-Geo system(instead of composite video and monaural sound).  I think it costs about 
$100 to have done, courtesy of Mas Systems.
    Debug Mod:  Or known as the "Arcade Mod", or the "Game Developer Mod", this mod
does quite a few things.  First, it's a language changer for older titles.  Then, it's
a "Game Genie" for the Neo, enabling you to access secret characters by using access
codes and such.  And, you can have unlimited continues, damaging hits, and the like.
It costs about $80-$120 or so to have done, also at Mas Systems.
    Japanese Switch Mod:  Many people can do this, it is described above.  Mainly, only
do this now if you desperately need to beat Burning Fight on Hard or something, it is
unnecessary at this point.
    If there are any more that I don't know about, feel free to e-mail me.


----Can I convert MVS Games to Neo Home Games?
      The conversions require you taking the MVS chips out of the casing, putting
them in the home cart, and re-wiring it to work.  Very tedious, indeed. But, MAS
Systems(and apollo69@gte.net) does do this, but please don't bother them with your 
questions. Plain and simply, this is what you need:
    $125 per cart
    A host cart, to convert the MVS game to(118 Megs or bigger)
    The MVS Cart you want to convert

  MAS Systems' number is at the bottom of the FAQ. Almost all of the so-called
'prototypes' out there, are just converted carts. You can tell converted carts,
when you open them up, they contain tons of re-wiring....regular ones do not.
Also, all the 'prototypes' you've been seeing with inserts and stickers, etc., 
are being made up by people(like myself), for many years, and still happens.  So, please 
don't buy these 'real' carts in hopes of getting the real thing, because you'll be disappointed,
such as "Shock Troopers" and "Panic Bomber".


----Can you make up Inserts and Manuals for Converted Home Carts?
       I used to make up inserts and manuals for converted cartridges, but not anymore, since
I do not have the time that I used to.  Sorry! :(  There are people around the internet that
do, so search the newsgroups, and you'll find them!


----Man, the NEOGEO CD is too slow! Can't I put in an 8x CD-ROM drive in my NEOGEO CD?
       That's a tough one to answer. Well, it may depend on your 
computer skills, how you should wire the CD interface to the controller on the 
NEOGEO CD, if possible at all. If you succeed in doing so, you then have
to test it, to see if it will work. If not, try another, similar drive
to the CDZ(like a Saturn drive).
       But all that work may be for naught, because most of the access
time depends on what speed the games are produced at. Most are still
produced at 1x, so anything higher than a 6x or 8x drive is not
necessary at all. In fact, even a 4x drive may not be necessary, which
means you'll be partying with your NEOGEO CD(CDZ, perhaps?), taking a
while still to load games. Why? Well, faster load times may not be 
noticeable as much on 1x games, as they do with 8x games.
       It is EXTREMELY difficult, and only one place(MAS Systems) has pulled off a 
translation. And, it was a Saturn-CDZ....which had no speed increase in it at all.
      Now, a Saturn-CD conversion would be neat to have...but because the
actual speed increaser is the proprietary controller of the CD drive, it may not
really benefit.


----I'm so sick of composite video.  I want RGB!
      Have you got a PAL Neo-Geo with an RF, or composite cable? Yes I know, 
it sucks big time. Well, no need to scream, because it is very easy to make it look
about a hundred times better than RF output. Just two steps.

      1.  You need to force your Neo-Geo to display through the NTSC signal. Why? 
Because unlike the PAL signal it is 16% faster, full screen, and above all,
it looks as the programmers intended. To do this, just open your Neo-Geo 
by unscrewing the four screws on the bottom (3 of the screws are hidden 
under the rubber feet; just remove the feet with a little screwdriver).
Once your console is open, locate a small piece of bare wire (very short) 
in the area of the top right corner of the motherboard, it is called PAL 1. 
There is no need to be uneasy, it is marked as PAL 1. Now with a small cutter
just cut it in half, and make sure that no contact is made. That's all. If 
you did everything fine you should get full screen signal (NTSC). 
      2.  Now for the optimum display (RGB) make a SCART/RGB (European SCART) cable.
You can either get one from a store, like Telegames UK, or make your own.  I do
not have any info on how to make one, however.

       If you did all well, you should now get a perfect display from your 
Neo-Geo. You COULD be a bit unlucky and get a composite display (not real good colors) 
through that cable on your TV set, after all that is what happened to me. Well, 
getting around is a pretty simple affair. All you got to do is to put your TV 
in Teletext mode, and it automatically switches to RGB! Then, with the approppriate 
button, remove the teletext page number, and there you have it! 


----Do you think the composite video problem I have is in the system?
       Well, first, make sure that you're using Composite video, with two AV jacks
(one for monaural sound, one for video).  If it still is excessively blurry, then read
the following:
       There are three types of Neo-Geo cartridge systems.  The first type, had poor
composite output, but good RGB output. It had a one-piece board on it as well. Well, 
in late 1992-early 1993, SNK released a new type of system, with a daughterboard on
it, to help the composite signal.  It did just that, but the RGB output suffered as
a result.  In late 1997, SNK seemed to finish the production of Neo cart systems in JAPAN
(in the US, they ended sometime in 1995), but they were manufactured with the one-piece 
board. But, the output for both RGB and composite is clearer than the other systems.
       But what's different on the Japanese systems, is that they have 6V AC adapters,
not 5V ones.  



|-------------------------------------|
|Neo-Geo CD and CDZ Specific Questions|
|-------------------------------------|


----What is a NEOGEO CDZ?
      That is a NEOGEO CD enhanced hardware, such as better caching capabilities. 
IT IS NOT A DOUBLE-SPEED DRIVE, it just seems like it.  I've tested it, and opened 
the CDZ and CD, and there is the same drive mechanism.  Right now, it is only 
available through Japanese importers, and plays CD games only in 
Japanese(on newer games, there is an option for the game to display
English, Spanish, and Portuguese also). A problem; reliability has been a big
problem for CDZ units, most will not last 3 years worth of use.
      The drive mechanism is similar to the Sega Saturn(first version)'s drive, and
may work if you can wire it to the CDZ.
      Also, it is 115V, not 100V, and the board will probably fry, if you don't use
a step-down converter(from 115 to 100).  You can get one from any electronics store, and it
seems to run smoother and better with one on.


----Just how Time-consuming is the load time for the NEOGEO CD?
       Well, to put in in perspective, I'll tell it like this: Imagine the Sega CD's load
time, and that is the Neo CD's load time. Or, on Bakumatsu Roman Gekkano Kenshi(The Last Blade)
, I could read 100 pages of Victor Hugo's "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" while playing through
half the game.
       But, on games 106 Megs or lower, load time is not bad at all(i.e., it only loads a few times),
but on games bigger than 106 megs, the load time starts to add up. You make the decision. The 
Neo CDZ does not much better than the CD, by the way.


----What should I get, the CD or Cartridge System?
        It all depends on two things, how much you play games and how
long you are willing to wait for a game. If you're like me, 
someone who has a lot of other things to do, but expect your
game to work, and have NO load time, the cartridge is for you.
Even though the games run from $30 to $299, they are QUALITY-
built, and is designed for extended play.
        The Neo-Geo CD, on the other hand, is made for play,
and are cheaper, from $20 to $50, and is made for the person
who buys a LOT of games, and only plays video games in his/her
spare time. But, the load time is horrendous, and is of a 
cheaper build quality. Even though you can find the CDs a LOT
easier, you can find almost all carts by just checking all
the retailers periodically. But a MAJOR problem, with the top-loading
CD/CDZ units, is that the CD lens itself gets wrecked, by almost
any anomaly. So, the CD lenses on the CD units aren't of the best
build quality.
        CD or Cartridge, it depends on what you can afford? The
question should be, how many games can I afford? I personally
have 11 carts, but have had as much as 40 carts, before I
sold them last month. Even though some carts are expensive, 
I don't buy every new one, because I'm saving for a car, taking
care of others, etc. :) If you plan on buying more than 25 games
brand new, go for CD. But if you have a decent job, can pay for
games himself/herself, like yours truly, and play them when 
you want to, go for cartridge.


----What should I get, the NEOGEO CD, or the NEOGEO CDZ system?
       Basically, it depends how much money you have, whether you want
to play older games in English or not, and if you can find a NEOGEO CDZ.
Even though the CDZ has faster caching capabilities, loading time is not twice-
as-fast, more like a little faster, since SNK may make games at 1x speed.
       The CD unit has going for it, a sleeker design, more English 
games that can play English(CDZ, you're stuck in Japanese for some titles),
and you can find the system easier. But, the load time can be awful, and
on the older games, you either play them in English mode, or have a Japanese
mod switch done on the system.
       The CDZ unit, loads a little faster(NOT 2x), you can have access to the blood codes
(meaning Japanese mode), and it's easier to install a switch to Japanese
mode on the system. But, it costs about $300-400 for the drive, which
may turn off some people. It also fails, if you don't use a step-down converter.
For more details, see above...
       Also, there is a limited edition, FRONT-loading Neo-Geo CD unit, 
which was the first NEO CD system that came out in 1994.  Only 2500 units were made,
but the drive is single-speed.  The cost is about $450 on this one.
      It's entirely your decision, but this decision will come down to
whether you have the money to buy the CD(Z) unit, or whether you can find one.
Hope this helps in your quest to pick the right Neo system for you!


----What are HK's and CDR's for the NEOGEO CD?
       HK's(Hong Kong copies) are illegal copies of games for the NeoGeo CD.  They
run about $10-$15 each for CDs, annd contain some artwork(sometimes).
       CDR's are copies of games, and are $10 or so.  They are just a CDR
with a game for NeoGeo CD programmed on it.  They are only legal if you
own the game, or you must get rid of it within a week or so.
       Both run on the NeoGeo CD, but some of the newer ones don't run
in the NeoGeo CDZ.  Whatever the case, this is the route for trying out a
game, before you buy the original.



|---------------------|
|Neo-Geo MVS Questions|
|---------------------|


----I can't find the Home Cartridge games I want. Are you sure I can't use MVS cartridges 
in my Cartridge system?
         Yes, I'm sure, I speak that from experience(I bought a Ninja Master's MVS cart on about 
1/20/97, and it wouldn't fit in my home system). And do you know the reason why SNK made the MVS and Home
Cartridges incompatible?  Because arcade operators couldn't buy the "cheap" home games for arcade use. 
         Don't fret, you can try to find those hard-to-find games, if you look hard enough. 


----Are the NEOGEO MVS boards JAMMA?
       Of course they are, the main boards indeed have to be in order to
run on mainstream cabinets and the Super Gun, you know. But, in order
to play an MVS game, you need the main MVS board(1 slot through 6 slot),
and a Super Gun, or a JAMMA harness and an arcade cabinet.


----Is It Possible to Hook up my Neo Controllers to an MVS board?
      From what I know about the MVS board, it is possible on the older boards to
hook up the Neo controllers to the controller ports(where the joystick wires connect
on the main board).  That's it, there shouldn't be any modifications necessary.


----Then, should I get the MVS 1-Slot, because it's cheaper?
       NO!!  Most 1-slot boards do not have Neo controller hook-ups, which means modifications
to the board and wiring itself.  If you like doing that, then get a 1-slot.  If not, like most
of us, get a 2-slot, 4-slot, or even a 6-slot one.  It'll pay off in the long run.


----What system should I get, the home cartridge or the MVS cartridge system?
        What kind of games do you want, rare games or not-so-rare
games?  Games such as King of Fighters '97 are not really rare, 
but ones such as Kizuna Encounter and Ragnagard ARE really rare.
MVS games are also cheaper than the home games, and the so 
called "collectors" charge lots of money for rare Neo home games.
What is this world coming to?  $500 for a Neo home game?, Sometimes,
the $500 carts are worth it(for me, sometimes), but for the majority
of Neo owners, it is not. Those are the decisions you must weigh if you 
make a decision on which one you prefer.
         The home system is carried by a close-knit group of 
vendors, who charge decent prices for games, and include nice boxes,
instructions, and the like.  But, the rare games, collectors will
drive up the prices on them, disheartening the person who has
to buy his/her own games.
          The MVS system has advantages, such as cheaper games(
after a year however), games that are more easily found, and games
that ARE the actual arcade games.  But, you need either a Super Gun
(a JAMMA board that allows to play arcade games on your TV), with
a NEO MVS board(1, 2, 4, or 6 slot machines), or a cabinet designed
to play Neo games.
           If all you are is a pure gamer(or someone who doesn't have 
much space, and doesn't want a Super Gun), then the home system is
for you.  But if you might want to make money with your cabinet, or
have the TRUE arcade feel in your living room, the MVS is for you. Games
on MVS are so cheap, such as AOF3 for $20, Puzzle Bobble for $40, that you
most likely will never go back to the Home system.


----What's this about a trackball setup?
        Yes, SNK has made a trackball game for the Neo-Geo, "The Irritating Maze".  It is totally
analog motion as well.  It utilizes a special MVS board(with air compressor hook-ups and a special
trackball controller for the game(setup)), and the MVS Cartridge. 
        That means you can't put the MVS Trackball game cart into a regular MVS board, it will
not work.
        There are more games planned with the trackball setup for 1999 and 2000, so get ready for
a treat, since the trackball games, albeit costly(because you can only get them in full kits, at
$1000 apiece), have LOADS of replay value.


----I want to get an MVS system(Arcade machine or Super Gun->MVS board), but where, or how 
do I go about finding one?
        That's a tough call.  First, decide if you have enough money
($1000 or so for a new 1-slot machine with a 25" monitor), and the space
to hold a big arcade machine.  If not, you can purchase a Super Gun
system from MAS Systems, and attach an MVS board to it, in order to play
MVS carts on your TV(costs $600-$750 for the package).
        If you want the Super Gun package, you can find it pretty
easily.  You call up MAS Systems, order the Super Gun, then you buy an
MVS board and cartridges from the places listed below. But, if you want
an arcade machine for Neo games, that's another matter......
        Call up all the "Amusement Machines" dealers in the phone book
in your area, and ask them these questions:
    1. Ask if there are any arcade auctions in the area.
    2. See if there are any machines for sale at the dealer.
    3. Ask if any other dealers in your area might have what you're
looking for.
        Then, you can check out the dealers(including the ones I listed
below, and across the internet), and see if buying used, or buying
one new makes sense. 
        But, shipping is the most important deal, when it comes to
purchasing an arcade machine. And, it's not cheap, like regular Neo-Geo Home systems.
Even if you buy one locally, you need to find a way to pick it up, and deliver
it safely to your destination. If you buy one from a dealer that's more than 100 or 
so miles away, the most(seemingly)effective way of shipping is by freight truck. 
Well, that adds about 2 weeks to your delivery time, and costs about $250 or so to
ship. It costs money to actually get the machine, you know. 
        So, you can make the most cost-effective decision that way, by knowing
about your choices, and making the right one.  But, please remember, that
a video game is JUST a video game.....


----Is SNK going to upgrade the MVS Board?
        I've heard many rumors of SNK releasing an upgrade to the MVS board; a 32-bit upgrade of
sorts, in late 1999.  There are two sides to this; first, this will extend the life of the MVS
greatly, as it gives SNK more room to work with.  But, SNK is so used to programming for the
older board, that the first few games for the updated board may not be up to par with the
newer games on the 'older' board.


|-----------------------------|
|Neo-Geo Marketplace Questions|
|-----------------------------|


----Why can't I find my favorite NEOGEO cartridge?
       When SNK makes games, they make very few cartridges now, but they used
to make more than they did, due to the huge size of the games nowadays.  Produ-
ction is now in the low-to-mid hundreds(or even in the dozens!), so buy them when 
you can, and don't be afraid to spend $150 or more on a newer game, just not on
anything older than that. Games older than that should be a lot cheaper(but may
not be, if it is rare, like Sengoku 2, US version).


----Do I have any NEOGEO Systems or Games for Sale?
        Unless I specify that I have anything for sale, or if the offer
sounds good to me, I won't sell my MVS Carts, unless I put them up for
sale. Don't worry, if you want a game, I'll help you find it. I can find almost
any Neo-Geo game(regardless of price) within 48 Hours, so just ask me. 
I'll usually have something up on eBay....my eBay-name(www.ebay.com) is "olddon"..
      

----What makes more sense to buy, ONE new cartridge, or a LOT of old carts?
       Personally, I would look at it this way: I could buy a new cartridge,
such as King of Fighters '97, and play it somewhat for 5 months, or buy 5
old games for that cost, and get maybe 1 month out of them, due to limited
replay value out of them.  I would go with the new, except when there are 2 
or more older games you want.


----Someone said that Metal Slug is a RARE game. Where do I get it?
       Metal Slug is indeed a rare game, as is a LOT of video games
out on the Neo Cartridge and Neo CD(MVS? Fight Fever comes to mind).
But do you really want the game, or want a rare piece of plastic? I've 
played Metal Slug, and I think it's too easy of a game, and not worth
the hassle to get it. Most of the rare games are rare, because they
never sold well in Japan, or the U.S.. 
       If you really want a rare game, make sure that you want the
game.  I cannot emphasize that enough, it seems. Also, Japan is THE
where you look for games, America isn't, because all the Japanese carts
(at least most of them)are still over there, so...
       Don't let the prices on games like that scare you, if you
want them that bad, you can afford to pay $500 for that cartridge. But,
I personally don't think that any game is worth that much, because
all it is, is plastic and silicon. It's entirely your decision, 
but I'm just giving my two cents.....depending on its rarity, of course.


----I'm tired of my Neo Cartridge(or CD).  Where do I sell it?
         Well, I'm assuming that you don't know anyone else with 
your kind of Neo system(like myself). What you do, is follow this
checklist below:
     1. Make sure that you WANT to sell the game(s) in question.
     2. Try to determine a good market value for your game, by 
checking out the various newsgroups associated with this( rec.games-
.video.marketplace comes to mind), and go from there.
     3. Put Ads over the internet, telling how good of condition
it is in, the price, does it come w/ box or instructions, and other
general info that the people may need to make a judgment on the
game.
     4. Contact me! Depending on the game, I'll pay a good price 
for your cartridges(sorry, no CDs).  Just ask!
     5. Put it up for auction on www.ebay.com(eBay Auctions).
     6. Sell your games to a company, such as GameDude, for some
cash. But, they will not give you much for them, and the only
good reason people have for selling them to GameDude is convenience.
Make this the "last resort" option.
        That should be enough to get you on your way to selling
games over the internet.



|----------------------|
|Neo-Geo Technical Help|
|----------------------|


----How come my games look weird when I play them?
       Well, you either need to clean your games very well, or you
may have one of the PAL systems that was floating around here in 1992-1993.
If you do, and your system is still under warranty(yeah, right!:) ),
SNK will fix it free of charge.  If you aren't still under warranty,
they'll fix it for a fee.


----How come my Neo games don't work?
        Well, you have to clean the games! I can speak from experience, and
carts can get very dirty, and cleaning them shows you how much dirt
there is on them.  You take a solution of Isopropyl Alcohol and
water, and clean the contacts with a Q-Tip.  Also, if you just yank out
the games instead of taking them out carefully, contacts, over time, 
will partly come off.  So treat your carts well, and they will last a long time!
         Or, you could have pushed the cartridge too far in, which
will make bigger games(i.e.,King of Fighters '96) screw up. Put the 
carts in ALMOST all the way, and push them back up a LITTLE bit to
make them work. Always put the cartridge in, game logo in
front, or else you may mess up the system contacts.
        The last reason, is if you have a Japanese/American 
switch on the back of your Neo-Geo(cart or CD), with it enabled
in Japanese. Newer games will not work like that(from Fatal Fury 3
-onward), so you must switch it back to American. I speak from
experience(I bought a system from GameDude like that, and games
like Crossed Swords and Fatal Fury 3 wouldn't work), so switch it back
to American! The switch is usually between the power cord and AV 
plug-ins on the back of the Neo-Geo.


----I tried everything, but my screen looks garbled still! What should I do?
        Well, if you tried what I said earlier, and it still doesn't
work, follow these steps(I will NOT take responsibility for anything bad
that happens):
     1. Open up your system(or call SNK and have them fix it for you,
for a fee of course), and find where your AV and AC outlet wires plug
into the back of the machine.  Then find the cartridge port, and connect
(or re-connect) the wires in all three, the AV, AC, and cartridge ports.
MAKE SURE THE POWER IS NOT PLUGGED IN! 
     2. Well, if you know a lot about soldering and electronics in general,
 you can try to convert an MVS board into a home one, just take the AV ports
, AC outlet plugs, and the cartridge plug(unless you want to play MVS games
in your home system, which in order to do so, cut away the cartridge opening
on the system casing). You may need an RGB-NTSC converter, depending on what
you want to do(MVS or Home). However, these are very shallow descriptions, and
are not attempted yet.  Don't do this yet, but if you choose to, e-mail me
first, and we'll talk it over.
     3. Use a step-down converter, to convert 110V to 100V.  This will make it run
more efficiently, and may jump-start your system.  It is safe, since this 
has been tested.
     4. Send your system to SNK of America. Call them first, and get some
prices on how to fix your system, you'll have to pay shipping both ways also, 
so expect it. They'll fix it for you in about 3 weeks, depending on
what they do, they'll charge accordingly. Make sure you tell them what
you do, what the system does, and other things that they may need to
pinpoint the problem.
      I hope that solves your problems, if you have a Neo CD that needs
fixing, just figure that when I say "cartridge port", I mean CD laser and
mechanism(maybe controller to CD player, too, to run the drive) can be
transported to the other system, if necessary.


----How do I design a game for the NEOGEO?
       Whoa, whoa, settle down! Remember, this is a topic, which has a
lot more to it than the space I've devoted here on it. I'll give you the
rundown on the sequence of events, in order to program a game for the
Neo:
     1. Get a developers' kit from SNK(home system based), so you have the 
exact programs and tools that SNK uses themselves to make games for the Neo(This
step can be sidestepped, but making a game compatible with the Neo later
can be quite a hassle). It also costs upwards of $7500...
     2. Now, get some developers' programs, load your computer up with RAM,
and get a very good graphics card. Also, start learning to program in C
(ANSI C, or Objective C), because you'll have to program the game this way(maybe
Assembly code?).
     3. Get an EPROM burner, which programs the ROMs needed for a Home
Cart or an MVS game(CD-Recorder for CDs). You'll have to use a better,
more finished ROM for the finished product, and construct a cartridge(or
get a CD).
     4. Playtesting. You have to playtest this game for bugs, and to test
certain spots in a game, a LOT! But, if you need to test something that's
far in the game, that's what codes are for, to get there in a flash(they are
programmed in the game). Afterwards, you're almost done, but you may need to
do a couple more steps.
     5. Design the artwork and instructions for the game. Make sure that
it looks pretty professional, and looks like current Neo instruction booklets.
This is very important, as good artwork complements a good game, but bad
artwork will make a good game look bad.
     6. The final step, is to either send the EPROM to SNK, and they may buy
the rights to the game(for some good money), or you can pay the licensing
fee, and make Carts yourself(CDs), as a company. But, the licensing fee will
run, on an average, over $500,000, so for most people, that is not a feasible
option anymore, considering the limited run of Neo Carts(CDs are pretty
limited too, certain ones).
     Hope this helps, if you have any questions, feel free to e-mail me,
I know some more about the subject, and I can share that with you, if you're
interested.



|----------------------|
|Neo-Geo Game Questions|
|----------------------|


----You gave Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~ an Excellent rating.  But I heard that
was a bad game from some places.  What's up with that?
       Well, certainly other people has their opinions.  But, my reviews are
compromised of my own experience playing the game, and other players' exper-
iences with the same title.  Being that some titles I cannot play at all(I don't
own a NeoGeo CD system), I rely on my sources to tell me about a certain title.
But most of the time, the ratings are influenced by myself playing them. They are
not biased toward any company, or any lineage of a game, as they are pure ratings,
and that may help someone out when looking for a particular game.  In the
case of Art of Fighting 3, I thought that it was an excellent game, when compared
to Real Bout Fatal Fury Special, and easily was better than the rest of the Art
series, so I gave it a high rating.
        I worked hard on the following Game List and Reviews, so I hope this helps
some people with their buying decisions.


----Someone has Garou Densetsu 3 for $299, but I don't want to spend that
much for it.  What is the market price for this game?
       It's hard not to spend too much on a Neo-Geo game, especially if you want
that title.  So, I have come up with a Market Price list for these games, so at
least you have a guide to the prices.  But, I don't have all these games, they
are just a Market Price guide to Neo-Geo Games.  I hope this helps, so you don't 
overspend on the certain title.


----How did you figure out the megabit counts for the CD games?
       Simple, just access it with any program that reads data(such as CD Creator
software), and see how many megs is on the disc. Then round down to the nearest
megabit count that SNK has produced(let's say it said 155...then it would be 146,
because the nearest megabit count down is 146).
       Some of them are absolutely correct, others are in the vicinity. The cartridge
ones are DEFINITELY correct.


----What games do you own for the NEOGEO?  Are they any good?
      I've been asked this question many times, so I'll make a quick answer to it.
I own a good number of games on the MVS platform, and intend to get ALL of the games
on the MVS platform.  Chances are, that I've played a certain game, so don't hesitate
to ask me about it! :)
   

----Are there any significant oddities pertaining to the Neo-Geo and its
games?
       Well, there are 3 that I can think of right now(meaning to production
oddities, not game translation quirks, which are too numerous, and funny to
mention), which are the following:
   1.  Minnasanno Okagesamadesu, one of the Mahjong Cartridge games for Neo,
seems to be the only Cartridge game without any Megabit Count specified on the
box(no cart symbol with a number inside it). It was also the game which was 
made(in prototype form) with a built in modem, for the Neo-Geo Network..
   2.  Twinkle Star Sprites, Alpha Denshi(ADK)'s last game on Neo, was made on
Neo Cartridge in limited amounts.  But, ADK ran out of instruction books for the
cartridge version, so they made the rest with photocopied instructions. 
   3.  Tokuten Ou(Super Sidekicks) , one of the first soccer games out on the Neo,
was a great game in its time.  One problem though, was that in championship mode,
while facing the third team(?), the game will glitch up.  This is on EVERY copy
of Super Sidekicks, so when that happens to you, don't sweat it.
   4.  League Bowling, one of the first titles on Neo-Geo, was packaged with 4
different boxes.  There is the Japanese version, with polka dots and pins all 
around; the Japanese version in a cardboard box(like NES boxes); the US version
with 26 MEGA on it; and the most common version, with a newer-style design on it,
and says 26 MEGS on it.
   5. The Irritating Maze, a Marble Madness-type game, is on the Neo platform(has a 
specialized MVS board with it), but requires a TRACKBALL to play, not the joystick! 
And, Pop and Bounce, you can play it with a paddle-type joystick, like Arkanoid's!
   6. Mahjong Kyoretsuden and Mahjong Story, two different releases, by two different
companies, but the SAME game? Well, ADK's Mahjong Story has a different cover and intro,
but it's the same as SNK's Mahjong Kyo Retsuden, essentially.
   7. The Neo-Geo Cart system, there were pics of it in 1996 issues of NeoGeo Freak, where
it has red buttons on the joystick, and a red reset button(Japanese cart system, everything
else is just like the regular cart system). This may be the last iteration of the Neo-Geo
Cartridge system.
   8. Stakes Winner, by Saurus, has 80 Megs in Japanese, and 98 in American! That's right,
DIFFERENT Megabit counts! Also, Viewpoint, by Sammy, has 72 Megs in Japanese, 74 in American!
   If there's any more to add to this, feel free to e-mail me at CMull11217@aol.com.


----Which games for the Neo-Geo are only available in Japanese?
     Well, this is a big list, all these games(Cart and CD) are only available
in Japanese(NOT US) form. On MVS, most, are in American(European)form. The list below, means 
that none of the games below are in any American/European form.  Here it is:
   ADK World
   Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~ Limited Edition
   Bakatonosama Mahjong Manyuki
   Band of the Fighters
   Chibi Marukochan Deluxe Quiz
   Chotetsu Brikin'ger ~iron clad~
   Crossed Swords 2
   Futsal ~pleasure goal 5-on-5 street soccer~
   Idol Mahjong ~final romance 2~
   Jyanshin Densetsu
   King of Fighters '96 CD Collection
   Mahjong Kyoretsuden
   Mahjong Story
   Minnasanno Okagesamadesu
   Neo-Geo CD Special
   Oshidashi Zintrick
   Quiz Daisousa Sen
   Quiz King of Fighters
   Quiz Meintantei Neo Geo ~Quiz Daisousa Sen Part 2~
   Shinsetsu Samurai Spirits Bushidoretsuden
   Syougi No Tatsujin


----How come new cartridges don't come with sealable stickers anymore?
       Well, up till ~Bakumatsu Roman~ Gekkano Kenshi(Last Blade) was released,
SNK utilized sealable stickers on the side of the carts to determine that
they were new. But, SNK just ran out of stickers, and since most carts are kept
in 'like new' condition, they just didn't use them anymore.


----On NAM-1975, how come there's two stickers on the game, where it says NAM-1975?
       From NAM-1975 up till after the release of Samurai Shodown, for the US games,
SNK just took production Japanese games, and slapped a US sticker on the Japanese game,
to make US games.
       The games are legit; there's nothing wrong with them.  But, sometimes, the
double-stickering of the games looks unsightly.


----What games are recommended for the NEOGEO(CD)?
        There are many, many games to pick from on the NEOGEO platform,
but picking through the bad ones can be time-consuming, and costly.
Well, I've come up with a recommended list, as all these are recommended
by myself, AND the plethora of video game magazines that once reviewed
them.  Here is the list:
    Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~(Art of Fighting 3)(Fighting)
    King of Fighters '95(Team Fighting)
    Shin Samurai Spirits ~Haohmaru jigokuhen~(Samurai Shodown 2)(Fighting)
    World Heroes Perfect(Fighting)
    Garou Densetsu 3 ~haruka-naru tatakai~(Fatal Fury 3)(Fighting)
    Last Resort(Shooter)
    Magician Lord(Action)
    2020 Super Baseball(Sports)
    Dunk Dreams(Street Hoop)(Sports)
       That should get you started, with 9 quality games. Remember,
this is what I recommend, as you may not like a certain game(you can
always substitute), or you can't find a particular title, so this
list is NOT set in stone. But if you want quality, these are the best
ones to play!


----What is the Biggest Game for the NEOGEO currently?
         For games that are released, King of Fighters '98 ~dream match never ends~ is already 
released, and is 683 MEGS!  It has almost every KOF character made, 50 of them in this game!
         Just so you know, games with bigger megabit counts may not be always better, but most 
are indeed better((Magician Lord is better than Top Hunter, but Last Blade is a LOT better than Fight Fever).
I get a lot of questions, on if games that are bigger, are better, so here's the answer).


----How does SNK's best match up against Capcom's best?
         Well, in my humble opinion, unless SNK makes some improvements to the MVS board,
they will lose the fighting game crown to Capcom.  I mean, Last Blade 2 is great, but what
would the general public rather play; Last Blade 2 or Marvel VS Capcom.  I told ya,
Marvel VS Capcom.  Even though LB2 is excellent, SNK should get on the ball, and stop
reveling in mediocrity(on the MVS, HNG 64 is THE platform).


|---------------|
|Other Questions|
|---------------|


----Can the NEOGEO handle more than 330 Megs?
        Of course, there is no limit to how much data can be fit onto a Neo cartridge, and 
the limit is not 330 Megs. Called the "Pro-Gear Spec", which is just a name for the
ROM addressing technology of the Neo-Geo.  Back in 1990, SNK had to give a certain Megabit 
count as their maximum, and they called it "Max 330 Mega". Now, there are games twice as
big as 330 Megs(King of Fighters '98).


----Are NEOGEO games compressed?
        Compressing a Neo-Geo game? Haha...that's funny. SNK makes it a point NOT to compress
a game, to try and get the high megabit counts in it, to boast about having the bigger game.
As a general rule, NONE of SNK's games are compressed one bit.


----What is GIGA POWER, which I've been seeing on intro screens on games like Real Bout
Garou Densetsu 2. Is it more than a marketing tool?
       Yes, it is more than a marketing tool. Unlike Sega's 'Blast Processing', this
'GIGA POWER' allows SNK to address higher memory on the ROMs, making for games with
a less grainy look to them, and optimizes them to run faster.
       For games Real Bout Garou Densetsu 2 and newer, they utilize the 'GIGA POWER'
technology, for better quality games. For information purposes, Bakumatsu Roman Gekkano Kenshi
(The Last Blade) is the biggest non-GIGA POWER game, weighing in at 474 Megs.


----What about the HYPER NEOGEO 64 that I've heard about?
        This is SNK's next generation system(so aptly named!), and may 
become a reality in the home, but a sure thing in the arcade.  
        The HYPER NEOGEO 64 also sports racing games, and gun=based games
also.  There are prototypes of Ryuukonoken 4 out on the HYPER NEOGEO 64
and SNK has released Fatal Fury:Wild Ambition for it as well.
        The main problem, is that SNK needs to make some 2D games for it, as 
it can do 2D extremely well, but there are only 3D type fighting games for it.
Even though Samurai Spirits 64 II ~asura zanmaden~ is out, and is absolutely
an awesome game, SNK needs to go back to their 2D roots. Fatal Fury:Wild
Ambition is even better, but a 2D game would be extremely awesome on it!
       I have made a Hyper Neo Geo 64 FAQ, it is on my web page at:
http://chrismullins.home.ml.org/ , or should be at GameFAQs and Sega Sages.


----Are there any Back-Up units for the NEOGEO?
        Man, I wonder what someone would need them for? :) Anyways, you
could probably find one of the old Multi-Game Doctor units that could be
floating around.  But, since there are no more back-up units in production,
and the Multi-Game Doctor cost about $1300 New, you'll have to pay a pretty
penny to get your hands on one now.  Unfortunately, I heard that it took about
10 minutes to load up a game on the device.


----Do you know any CODES for any Neo games?
      Of course I do.  Following, are most of the codes for games on
the Neo.  If there's any more that you would like to add, please notify
me at CMull11217@aol.com. Names are in AMERICAN form....
      Here they are:

 Art of Fighting 2

 More power for the second game: To do this , you must own Art of Fighting 1 & 2
on your Memory Card. First, win all 3 bonus games on Art of Fighting 1 and save your 
game. Then go to Art of Fighting 2 and then. choose load memory. Then choose the Art 
of Fighting 1 option you will be given. You will begin the game with all of the charac-
teristics of the AOF1 bonus stages completed in Art of Fighting 2, with extra power to boot!

 Art of Fighting 3: The Path of the Warrior

 Use Sinclair: Start at Jin, press C, left, C, left.....repeat till you reach Robert.

 Use Wyler: Start at Robert, press C, right, C, right...repeat till you reach Jin.


 Double Dragon

 Play as Duku or Shorko: At the character select screen, put the cursor on Billy, then Marian, 
then Chung Fu, then Jimmy for 4 seconds each time. If you do this code correctly, you will 
hear someone say ,"BINGO!". Now you can choose Duku or Shorko. 

 Fatal Fury Special

 Sound Test: Pause the game, then press, in order, A, B, C, D, A. 

 Play as Ryo Sakazaki: Reach Ryo Sakazaki(do not die once), and beat him. Then,
wait for the demo fights to begin. After it says "Fight", enter the following:
   Up, Left, Down, Right, Up, A, Up, Right, Down, Left, Up, C
 You should hear Ryo's taunt. Now press START and select a versus game. To select
him, he's at the lower right, next to Krauser.

 Fatal Fury 3

 Tiny characters: This works in the versus mode only. Once you select the two 
fighters, hold B and C on both controllers all the way through the loading screen 
until the match starts. You have to do it again for each fight you want the code to 
take affect. 

 Hidden Characters: When you defeat Jin Chonrei and finish the game, save it. 
Now load the game and choose "NEW GAME".  Then, at the character select screen, move the 
cursor, to Terry, Hon Fu, Mai, Geese, Bob, Sokaku, Andy, Bash, Joe, then Mary; 
each time you move to a fighter, press B. 
Then, you will hear a voice say "Here comes the new fighters!" 

 Kabuki Klash(Tengai Makyo Shinden)

 Boss Code: Go to the battle mode, then push B 12 times, then right 8 times on 
controller 1. The screen will flash and you will have control of Manto Ape and 
Karakuri. It will work on controller 2 as well.
 
 Change Color: After entering the code above, do the following: Select Yagumo: 
press A, A, forward+A, C. Her clothes will change to white if you did it correctly. 
Choose Kinu: press down, down-back, back, down-back, forward, BC. Her outfit will 
change to purple. 

 King Of Fighters '94

 Blood and Bouncy Code: On the high scores screen press A and D on controller 1 
while pressing B and C on controller 2. 

 King of Fighters '95

 Playable Bosses: Pick "Team Edit". At the character select press up+B, right+C, 
left+A, and down+D. Saisyu Kusanagi and Omega Rugal will appear. 

 Blood and Bouncy Code: On the high scores screen press A and D on controller 1 while you 
press B and C on controller 2. 

 King of Fighters '96

 Boss Code(CD only): Press and hold the start button, then press up+B, right+C, left+A, down+D. 

 King of Fighters '97

 Play as Orochi Iori: At the character select, put the cursor on Iori, then hold start 
and press left, right, left, right, left, right, A+C. 

 Play as Orochi Leona: At the character select, put the cursor on Leona, then hold start
and press up, down, up, down, up, down, B+D.(after inputting the Iori code)

 KOF 94 Kyo: Highlight Kyo Kusanagi, hold start and then press any button. 

 Play as the Orochi Team: At the character select, put cursor on Shermie, hold start 
and then press up, left, down, right, up, down, B+C. 

 See your team's attitude: While choosing a character at the order selection screen, 
hold C. A smiley face will appear that represents the character's attitude. A smiling face
means "always aid" and will add 1 bar to the second character in advanced mode. 
A neutral face means "random aid". A frowning face means "never aid" and will 
remove all power bars. 

 Choose a winning pose: Hold A, B, or C to select your pose. 

 Fu'un Super Tag Battle

 Boss Code: Using them will put you under the following conditions:
 1.No memory card saves.
 2.No name sign in, for high scores. 
 3.No ending (story). 
 4.Fight alone. 
   At the team select screen, set the cursor on Mezu. Move left, up, right, 
you'll be on Gozu. Circle the screen once counterclockwise, returning to Gozu. 
Press D, you'll hear Jyazu's laugh. Jyazu is above Gozu's panel, tap up to access him. 
(up again to return to Gozu) It's the same for King Leo, who is above King Lion's panel. 

 Magical Drop 2

 Hidden Characters: At the character select, highlight the following characters 
and press down (in order, of course): The Fool, Magician, High Priestess, 
Chariot, Justice, Sorceress,  World, Devil. You may now select Strength or Empress. 

 Ninja Masters

 Play as Ranmaru and Nobunaga: Begin a one-player game. On the first player's side, 
set the cursor on Kamui and press left, down, left, up, left, down-left, up, right, 
down, right, up, C and D. The bosses will appear. 

 Beat the Clock: This is for a 1P game only. At the character select, the cursor 
will start on Kamui. Once there, press down, left, up, left, down, left, up, left, 
down, right, right, right, right, up. Your cursor will be back on Kamui again. 
Press C and D together, now you can pick your character. The time attack will 
be canceled if player 2 decides to join the game. 

 Pulstar

 Full Power(CD only): This code will let you restore your power whenever you 
are blinking (when the game starts or you've detonated your probe). To do it, 
press up, up, down, down, left, right, A, B. 

 Stage Select(CD only): On the "Stage Start" screen, select the stage with 
all four buttons (A, B, C, D) at once. This will give you access to stages 
5, 6, 7, 8. For example, highlight stage 1, then push all 4 buttons to 
select stage 5. Stage 2=6, 3=7, 4=8. 

 Demos(CD only): At the title screen hit left 7 times then right once. 
Now pressing A-D on either controller will show the corresponding cinema. 
1P=demos 1-4, 2P=demos 5-8. 

 Real Bout Special

 Play Geese Howard: By finishing the game without losing a round you will 
obtain the status of "Ace Fighter", then at the Ranking screen press: right, 
up-right, up, up-left, left, down-left, down, down-right, right, down-right+ABC. 
If done correctly, you will hear Geese say: "Come on." 

 "EX" Versions of Characters: At the character select, move to the character 
you choose to play as, then do the following: Hold the start button 
(don't let go of it!) Tap buttons in sequence: B, B, C, C. Now hold down the 
B button for about a second. While still holding B (and Start), press and 
hold the C button. While holding these three buttons, press A or D to select 
your character in Shadow form. You may now let go of all the buttons. 
(A or D is used to select the color of your character's clothes) 

 Samurai Shodown

 Play as Amakusa: Select any character and enter versus mode. Lose and then 
save the game. Load the game and then select Charlotte with controller 2 
and continue the game. Press start on controller 1 in the bonus phase. 
Player 2 will transform to Amakusa. 

 Samurai Shodown II

 Blood Code: Go into the options. Highlight "EXIT" and press A+B+C+D simultaneously. 

 Play as Kuroko: Start a two-player game. On the character select screen, press up, 
down, left, up, down, right+A. You may now select Kuroko. 

 Unlimited POW : Press start on controller 1, and move to the option mode. Press 
start on controller 2, then in the options menu, you can now change the POW 
setting from "NORMAL" to "MAX". 

 Samurai Shodown III

 Play as Minazuki Zankuro: Join into a 1-player game on controller 2. At the 
character select, move the joystick from Shizumaru; left, left, down, right, 
right, up, right, down, right, right, up, left, left. You will be back at 
Shizumaru. Once there, wait about 3 seconds, then press A,B, and Start 
simultaneously. Minazuki Zankuro will appear. 

 Samurai Shodown IV

 Seppuku(Suicide): While playing, press left, right, down+start.

 Blood Code: You will get blood and the ability to perform "No Contest" moves. 
On the option screen go to "EXIT" and press ABCD all at the exact same time. 

 Play as Minazuki Zankuro(CD only): In the versus mode, hold the D button 
and press "A". Both players may play as Zankuro, but in the versus mode only. 

 Twinkle Star Sprites

 Play as the bosses: On the character select screen hilight Load-Ran, 
press up 4 times and press a button to select Sprites, or press down 
4 times and press a button to select Memory. Also instead, you may 
highlight Griffon (the group with 3 people) and follow the same procedure 
to select Mevious (up) or Dark-Ran (down).
 
 Waku Waku 7

 Calendar Mode: Wait for intro to loop 3 times.

 Reverse Title: You will get it, when credit count is 7 or 77.

 World Heroes Perfect

 Play as Neo Dio: At the character select screen, hold B and press up, up, 
down, down, left, left, right, right, BC. 
 Play as Son-Goku: At the character select screen, hold C and press up, up, 
down, down, left, left, right, right, BC.



|-----------------|
|Neo-Geo Game List|
|-----------------|

     This is the most complete Game List anywhere on the internet. Dare to compare...
     Some may not be out yet, but most are CD titles, and carts are given megabit 
counts. I'm also rating the games I have played on cartridge here. I will not list 
prototype games, since only a few of them has actually been found(or seen the actual 
game at work).
     Also, where it says MVS only...that means that it only comes in MVS form. If you
come across a home of an MVS only title, then it's a Converted game. There are CD Only
releases, meaning that the game is either CD only, or MVS and CD Only.

 Here it is:
     (1 being worst, 20 being best)
  ALL ARE IN JAPANESE NAME!!!(American translations of names are below)
  139 Separate Games Indexed

ACTION:
--------------
Burning Fight(54 Megs)(okay action game, decent replay value, 10/20)
Crossed Swords(50 Megs)(set a new genre for action games, 17/20)
Cyber-Lip(50 Megs)(alright action game, 14/20)
Eight Man(46 Megs)(replay value is zilch, 9/20)
King of the Monsters(55 Megs)(great 2P player action, very hard, 17/20)
King of the Monsters 2(74 Megs)(decent action, way different from prequel, 11/20)
Magician Lord(46 Megs)(modestly difficult action game, set precedent for graphics, 16/20)
Metal Slug(193 Megs)(very good game, one of SNK's all time greats, 19/20)
Metal Slug 2(362 Megs)(excellent sequel, but still too easy, well-done graphics, 17/20)
Miracle Adventure(90 Megs)(very easy action game, nice graphics, 10/20)
Mutation Nation(54 Megs)(another Final Fight-clone, 10/20)
Ninja Combat(46 Megs)(an older version of Sengoku, awful, 8/20)
Ninja Commando(54 Megs)(scrolling action game, not great, 13/20)
Raguy(47 Megs)(think Mario 2 NES, with smaller characters, 12/20)
Robo Army(45 Megs)(one of the better action games, good replay value, 15/20)
Sengoku Densyo(55 Megs)(long action game, not real easy, 14/20)
Sengoku Densyo 2(74 Megs)(easy, rare, decent action game, 15/20)
Shock Troopers(346 Megs, MVS Only)(a newer Ikari Warriors, excellent, 18/20)
Shock Troopers ~second squad~(514 Megs, MVS Only)(excellent sequel, rendered, 18/20)
Super Spy(55 Megs)(defined 3D action genre, like Crossed Swords, 16/20)
Top Hunter(110 Megs)(too easy, bad controls, looks good though, 11/20)
--------------

FIGHTING:
--------------
Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~(298 Megs)(easily the best Art game, animation and music superb, a best buy, 19/20)
~Bakumatsu Roman~ Gekkano Kenshi(474 Megs)(perfect graphics, mood of the game is too dull, 18/20)
~Bakumatsu Roman~ Dai Ni Maku Gekkano Kenshi(544 Megs)(new sequel to LB, improved graphics, 18/20)
Breakers(210 Megs)(like Street Fighter Zero, great fighter, 18/20)
Breakers Revenge(242 Megs, MVS Only)(updated version of Breakers, very well done, 18/20)
Chojin Gakuen Gowcaizer(186 Megs)(alright, lots of moves, but the AI is very cheesy, 16/20)
Crystal Legacy(98 Megs, MVS Only)(very old, outdated, uses as little animation as possible, 8/20)
Double Dragon(178 Megs)(good, technical, newer styles, excellent game, 18/20)
Fighters' History Dynamite(122 Megs)(basic fighting characteristics, just a standard fighter, 11/20)
Fire Suplex(106 Megs)(very hard wrestling game, learning curve is high, 15/20)
Fu'un Mokujiroku ~kakutou sousei~(190 Megs)(weird play mechanics and characters, awful, 7/20)
Fu'un Super Tag Battle(242 Megs)(a million times better than Savage Reign, updated graphics, 19/20)
Galaxy Fight(169 Megs)(weird, good fighting game, great music, 16/20)
Garou Densetsu ~shukumei no tatakai~(55 Megs)(classic, hard to control, hard though, 12/20)
Garou Densetsu 2 ~arata-naru tatakai~(106 Megs)(vast improvement over original, 15/20)
Garou Densetsu Special(150 Megs)(great sequel to FF2, more characters, 15/20)
Garou Densetsu 3 ~haruka-naru tatakai~(266 Megs)(great fighter, slow game pace though, 16/20)
King of Fighters '94(196 Megs)(first and is a classic, control is a little off, 16/20)
King of Fighters '95(250 Megs)(the best buy on the Neo, damage is high, challenging, 19/20)
King of Fighters '96(362 Megs)(excellent, but the computer AI is cheap, 18/20)
King of Fighters '97(460 Megs)(very modern, excellent game, updated KOF 96 somewhat, 18/20)
King of Fighters '98 ~dream match never ends~(683 Megs)(the utlimate KOF, includes everything, superb graphics, 19/20)
Ninja Master's ~haoh-ninpo-cho~(330 Megs)(not like the other fighters, very intricate combo system, great music, 19/20)
Real Bout Garou Densetsu(346 Megs)(hard to get used to for Garou Densetsu fans, but excellent game overall, 17/20)
Real Bout Garou Densetsu Special(394 Megs)(best Garou Densetsu to date, has more storyline than RBGD2, 18/20)
Real Bout Garou Densetsu 2 ~the newcomers~(539 Megs)(new characters alone doesn't make a sequel, good sequel, 17/20)
Ryuukonoken(102 Megs)(dated fighter, great graphics for its era, 11/20)
Ryuukonoken 2(178 Megs)(somewhat better, improved control, worth of an investment, 15/20)
Samurai Spirits(118 Megs)(the original, plays slow, but is a pretty realistic game, 13/20)
Samurai Spirits ~Zankuro musouken~(282 Megs)(very solid game, lots of damage, best graphics of SS series, 18/20)
Samurai Spirits ~Amakusa kohrin~(378 Megs)(great controls, and very fun, graphics took a hit though, 17/20)
Shin-Oh-Ken(338 Megs)(original, grainy graphics, thumb-buster, and hard, 16/20)
Shin Samurai Spirits ~Haohmaru jigokuhen~(202 Megs)(probably the best sequel to any game of SNK's, great, 17/20)
Tengai Makyo Shinden(202 Megs)(very easy, includes Far East of Eden characters, original, 15/20)
Tsuukai GanGan Koshinkyoku(178 Megs)(a weird fighter, supposed to be like a real street fight, 13/20)
Waku Waku 7(259 Megs)(most unusual fighting game, downright excellent, 19/20)
World Heroes(82 Megs)(great in its era, decent graphics, 13/20)
World Heroes 2(146 Megs)(very slow, added more characters, great sequel though, 16/20)
World Heroes 2 Jet(178 Megs)(still too slow playing, was just a rehash, 11/20)
World Heroes Perfect(226 Megs)(fixed problems of WH2J, excellent, and pretty difficult, best buy, 19/20)
--------------

PUZZLE:
--------------
Bakatonosama Mahjong Manyuki(48 Megs)(very good Mahjong, technical, no filler, 15/20)
Chibi Marukochan Deluxe Quiz(118 Megs)(anime based quiz game, very popular, like a game show, 18/20)
Gapporin(54 Megs, MVS Only)(like Super Breakout in ways, EXCELLENT, 19/20)
Gururin(42 Megs, MVS Only)(decent game with traces to Columns on Genesis, very hard, 15/20)
Joy Joy Kid(22 Megs)(most primitive game I've ever played, not great, 8/20)
Jyanshin Densetsu(82 Megs, MVS, CD Only)(adventure mahjong game, more modern, worth your time, 16/20) 
Magical Drop 2(82 Megs)(addicting puzzle game, and has lots of replay value, 16/20)
Magical Drop 3(174 Megs)(LOTS of improvements over prequel, excellent, loads of replay value, 18/20)
Mahjong Kyoretsuden(42 Megs)(pretty decent mahjong, has some nudity, and is very old, 14/20)
Mahjong Story(42 Megs, MVS, CD Only)(Same as Mahjong Kyo Retsuden, with different title screen, 14/20)
Minnasanno Okagesamadesu(54 Megs)(animated mahjong, very graphical, funniest game I've ever seen, 17/20)
Money Idol Exchanger(74 Megs, MVS Only)(Magical Drop-like puzzle game that uses basic math skills, addicting, 17/20)
Neo Bomberman(138 Megs, MVS Only)(finally, bomberman with Neo quality, just like the PC Engine versions, 19/20)
Neo Mr. Do!(50 Megs, MVS Only)(to many people, it totally destroyed the original, not good, 8/20)
Panic Bomber(46 Megs, MVS Only)(one of the usual Tetris clones, extremely difficult, 17/20)
Puzzle Bobble(32 Megs, MVS, CD Only)(also very addicting, very worthwhile indeed, old though, 14/20)
Puzzle Bobble 2(46 Megs)(sequel to the acclaimed PB, 18/20)
Puzzle De Pon(30 Megs, MVS, CD Only)(just like Puzzle Bobble, too much actually, 15/20)
Puzzle De Pon R(32 Megs, MVS Only)(updated puzzles, and a new title screen are the changes for the '97 PDP, 16/20)
Quiz Daisousa Sen(34 Megs)(like a detective game, an oldie but goddie, if you can read Japanese, 13/20)
Quiz King of Fighters(122 Megs)(game with King of Fighters characters, Haohmaru and Nakoruru, 14/20)
Quiz Meintantei Neo Geo ~Quiz Daisousa Sen Part 2~(50 Megs)(excellent quiz game, more detailed, 16/20)
Syougi No Tatsujin(58 Megs)(Syougi, or Japanese chess, is here, Neo style, 16/20)
---------------

SHOOTER:
---------------
Andro Dunos(34 Megs)(dated feel to this shooter, I hated this game, 6/20)
ASO 2 ~last guardian~(47 Megs)(dated feel, really old, shows its complacency, 10/20)
Blazing Star(346 Megs)(sequel to Pulstar, excellent, great music, easy though, 16/20)
Ghost Pilots(55 Megs)(1942 all over again, shows its age, 13/20)
Last Resort(45 Megs)(for those who want Pulstar, but can't find it, 16/20)       
NAM-1975(46 Megs)(a true original among the gaming world, shooter is still fun, 14/20)
Operation Ragnarok(110 Megs, MVS Only)(graphics are average, but everything else is superb, 18/20) 
Pulstar(305 Megs)(hardest shooter made, graphics and sound are awesome, 18/20)
Sonic Wings 2(102 Megs)(good in its day, can be frustrating, 14/20)
Sonic Wings 3(154 Megs)(very hard shooter, great, can be frustrating, 18/20)
Twinkle Star Sprites(146 Megs)(weird genre represented, addicting and very fun, 19/20)
Viewpoint(72/74 Megs)(hard shooter, great graphics and music, like Zaxxon, 18/20)
---------------
     
SPORTS/OTHER:
---------------
2020 Super Baseball(46 Megs)(great baseball action, very well done, 16/20)
Ashitano Joe Densetsu(46 Megs)(very old boxing, not worth the money, awful animation, 9/20)
Baseball Stars Professional(50 Megs)(good baseball, old, 13/20)
Baseball Stars Professional 2(68 Megs)(great baseball feel, 18/20)
Big Tournament Golf(133 Megs)(a superb golf game that is addicting, 18/20)
Dunk Dreams(94 Megs)(great arcade basketball, shows its age though, 14/20)
Flip Shot(46 Megs)(a pinball game has FINALLY arrived on the Neo, well done, 16/20)
Flying Power Disk(74 Megs)(very original, addicting game, 16/20)
Football Frenzy(48 Megs)(decent arcade football, can be fun, 12/20)
Futsal ~pleasure goal 5-on-5 street soccer~(162 Megs, MVS, CD Only)(you can have loads of fun with this one, 18/20)
Goal!Goal!Goal!(120 Megs, MVS Only)(soccer quarter-sucker, not worth my time, 9/20)
League Bowling(26 Megs)(lots of fun with 2+ players, 15/20)
Nekketsu Toukyu Densetsu(190 Megs, MVS Only)(another addicting game on the Neo, 18/20)
Neo Drift Out-New Technology(114 Megs, MVS, CD only)(Neo racing, which is a good effort, 15/20)
Neo-Geo Cup '98(162 Megs)(new soccer game, has lots of replay value, worth the money, 18/20)
Over Top(210 Megs)(very good driving game, needs to be 2P though, 16/20)
Power Spikes 2(82 Megs, MVS, CD Only)(horrid volleyball sim, looks like an NES game, 5/20)
Riding Hero(42 Megs)(the only motorcycle racing game, alright, looks old, 12/20)
Soccer Brawl(46 Megs)(primitive soccer game, first effort, 11/20)
Stakes Winner ~GI kinzen seihae no michi~(80/98 Megs)(horse-racing, by Saurus, realistic, 16/20)
Stakes Winner 2(178 Megs)(horse-racing taken to a new level, 17/20)
Tokuten Ou(54 Megs)(arcade soccer, old and is a classic, 13/20) 
Tokuten Ou 2 ~real fight football~(106 Megs)(good, basic sequel, improved play mechanics, 15/20)
Tokuten Ou 3 ~eikoue no michi~(158 Megs)(great arcade soccer simulation, 17/20)
Tokuten Ou ~hono-oh no libero~(226 Megs)(very different from Super Sidekicks 3, too unbalanced, 16/20)
The Irritating Maze(106 Megs, MVS Only)(trackball utitilized game, looks damn good, 17/20)
Thrash Rally(46 Megs)(gets the "Trash Compactor" award, 2/20)
Top Players Golf(62 Megs)(old, fun factor only thing going for it, 11/20)
World Soccer '96(178 Megs, MVS Only)(realistic soccer simulation, excellent job, 18/20)
-----------------

CD ONLY:
-----------------
ADK World(82 Megs, CD only)(a more rudimentary version of Neo CD special, 10/20)
Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~ Limited Edition(298 Megs, CD only)(contains special art and coin, 17/20)
Band of the Fighters(68 Megs, CD Only)(a musical tribute to KOF series, 15/20)
Chotetsu Brikin'ger ~iron clad~(178 Megs, CD only)(best horizontal shooter, IMO, better than Pulstar, 19/20)
Crossed Swords 2(70 Megs, CD only)(the new sequel, somewhat better, 16/20)
Idol Mahjong ~final romance 2~(146 Megs, CD only)(Video System's strip mahjong game, newest Mahjong game, 17/20)
King of Fighters '96 CD Collection(122 Megs, CD only)(pics and stuff from KOF '96, not needed, 9/20)
Neo-Geo CD Special(90 Megs, CD only)(showcases Neo-Geo games, good buy, 16/20)
Oshidashi Zintrick(74 Megs, CD only)(weird puzzle game, addicting, like Puyo Puyo in a weird way, 16/20)
Rally Chase(46 Megs, CD only)(see Thrash Rally.)
Shinsetsu Samurai Spirits Bushidoretsuden(178 Megs, CD only)(no bells-and-whistles at all, solid RPG, 14/20)
-----------------

GAMES NOT YET RELEASED:
-----------------
Captain Tomaday(not released yet)(this is a decent shooter game, with an uninspired theme, 13/20)
Metal X(not released yet)(the third Metal Slug game, looks to be a winner, 19/20)
Musashi Ganryuki(not released yet)(excellent action game, along the lines of Magician Lord, 18/20)
-----------------


JAPANESE-AMERICAN NAME TRANSLATIONS(listed here are Japanese-English names,
or games that are only Japanese(only Japanese MVS, for example).
remember, only games that UNDERWENT a name change are here!!!):
----------
  2020 Super Baseball=Super Baseball 2020
  ADK World is Japanese only.
  Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~=Art of Fighting 3: The Path of the Warrior
  Art of Fighting ~ryuukonoken gaiden~ Limited Edition is Japanese only.
  Ashitano Joe Densetsu=Legend of Success Joe
  ASO 2 ~last guardian~=Alpha Mission 2
  Bakatonosama Mahjong Manyuki is Japanese only.
  ~Bakumatsu Roman~ Gekka No Kenshi=The Last Blade
  ~Bakumatsu Roman~ Dai Ni Maku Gekka No Kenshi=The Last Blade 2
  Band of the Fighters is Japanese only.
  Big Tournament Golf=Neo Turf Masters
  Chibi Marukochan Deluxe Quiz is Japanese only.
  Chojin Gakuen Gowcaizer=Voltage Fighter Gowcaizer
  Crystal Legacy=Fight Fever
  Dunk Dreams=Street Hoop
  Fighters History Dynamite=Karnov's Revenge
  Fire Suplex=3 Count Bout
  Flying Power Disk=Windjammers
  Futsal ~pleasure goal 5-on-5 street soccer~=Pleasure Goal 
  Fu'un Mokijiroku ~kakutou sousei~=Savage Reign
  Fu'un Super Tag Battle=Kizuna Encounter Super Tag Battle
  Gapporin=Pop N'Bounce
  Garou Densetsu ~shukumei no tatakai~=Fatal Fury
  Garou Densetsu 2 ~arata-maru tatakai~=Fatal Fury 2
  Garou Densetsu 3 ~haruka-naru tatakai~=Fatal Fury 3
  Garou Densetsu 4=Fatal Fury 4
  Garou Densetsu Special=Fatal Fury Special
  Idol Mahjong ~final romance 2~ is Japanese only
  Joy Joy Kid=Puzzled
  Jyanshin Densetsu is Japanese only.
  King of Fighters '98 ~dream match never ends~=King of Fighters '98: The Slugfest
  Mahjong Kyoretsuden is Japanese only.
  Mahjong Story is Japanese only.
  Minnasanno Okagesamadesu is Japanese only.
  Miracle Adventure=Spinmaster
  Money Puzzle Exchanger=Money Idol Exchanger
  Nekketsu Toukyu Densetsu=Super Dodge Ball
  Neo Mr. Do! is Japanese only.
  Operation Ragnarok=Zed Blade
  Oshidashi Zintrick is Japanese only.
  Pop and Bounce is Japanese only.
  Power Spikes 2 is Japanese only.
  Pulstar is Japanese only.
  Puzzle Bobble=Bust-A-Move
  Puzzle Bobble 2=Bust-A-Move EX
  Quiz Daisousa Sen is Japanese only.
  Quiz King of Fighters is Japanese only.
  Quiz Meintantei Neo Geo ~Quiz Daisousa Sen Part 2~ is Japanese only.
  Raguy=Blue's Journey
  Real Bout Garou Densetsu=Real Bout Fatal Fury
  Real Bout Garou Densetsu Special=Real Bout Fatal Fury Special
  Real Bout Garou Densetsu 2 ~the newcomers~=Real Bout Fatal Fury 2: The Newcomers
  Ryuukonoken=Art of Fighting
  Ryuukonoken 2=Art of Fighting 2
  Samurai Spirits=Samurai Shodown
  Samurai Spirits ~Zankuro musouken~=Samurai Shodown 3: Blades of Blood
  Samurai Spirits ~Amakusa kohrin~=Samurai Shodown 4: Amakusa's Revenge
  Samurai Spirits ~Amakusa kohrin 2~=Samurai Shodown: Amakusa's Revenge 2
  Sengoku Densyo=Sengoku
  Sengoku Densyo 2=Sengoku 2
  Shin-Oh-Ken=Ragnagard
  Shin Samurai Spirits ~Haohmaru jigokuhen~=Samurai Shodown 2
  Shinsetsu Samurai Spirits Bushidoretsuden is known as Samurai Shodown RPG.
  Sonic Wings 2=Aero Fighters 2
  Sonic Wings 3=Aero Fighters 3
  Stakes Winner ~GI kinzen seihae no michi~=Stakes Winner
  Stakes Winner 2 is Japanese only.
  Syougi No Tatsujin=Master of Syougi 
  Tengai Makyo Shinden=Kabuki Klash
  Tokuten Ou=Super Sidekicks
  Tokuten Ou 2 ~real fight football~=Super Sidekicks 2
  Tokuten Ou 3 ~eikoue no michi~=Super Sidekicks 3
  Tokuten Ou ~hono-oh no libero~=Super Sidekicks 4: The Ultimate 11
  Tsuukai GanGan Koshinkyoku=Aggressors of Dark Kombat
  Twinkle Star Sprites is Japanese only.
  Waku Waku 7 is Japanese only.
--------------


|-------------|
|MARKET PRICES|
|-------------|

 This guide is the most ACCURATE guide on the net, as I spend time watching the Neo market, from
here and abroad.....it's nearly complete, if not all complete.....all names are in AMERICAN(from
the above Game List, in JAPANESE...use the translations above to find the game you want..! :)   )

 First price is I BUY price, second is SELL USED price, and third is BUY NEW price. Pay particular
attention to the second column....

 Also, for Neo-Geo MVS Carts...most games are from $10-$75...with only about 20-30 games going
above that mark. You can ask me what a certain MVS game is worth, or search the MVS retailers
from the list ner the bottom of this FAQ.

NEO-GEO HOME CARTRIDGE:

 System                     80  175  499
 3 Count Bout               20   40   99
 Aero Fighters 2            35   80  199
 Aero Fighters 3            80  139  229
 Aggressors of Dark Kombat  50   79  119
 Alpha Mission 2            10   20
 Andro Dunos                20   39
 Art of Fighting            15   30  179
 Art of Fighting 2          29   60  199
 Art of Fighting 3          70  179  259
 Bakatonosama Mahjong Manyuki  79  99  149
 Baseball Stars             10   15
 Baseball Stars 2           20   50
 Blazing Star              150  239  279
 Blue's Journey              5   20
 Breakers                  299  339  409
 Burning Fight              18   35
 Chibi Marukochan Deluxe Quiz  120  179  259
 Crossed Swords             20   35
 Cyber-Lip                  15   40
 Double Dragon              80  125(300 for US version)
 Eight Man                  39   69
 Fatal Fury                  5   20  129
 Fatal Fury 2               20   35  139
 Fatal Fury Special         25   59  199
 Fatal Fury 3               55   89  229
 Football Frenzy            15   29
 Fu'un Super Tag Battle    230  325  359
 Galaxy Fight               40   89
 Ghost Pilots               10   25
 Kabuki Klash               40   89
 Karnov's Revenge           25   39
 King of Fighters '94       30   70  239
 King of Fighters '95       59   90  259
 King of Fighters '96       90  120  259
 King of Fighters '97      130  155  279
 King of Fighters '98      130  200  279
 King of the Monsters       20   45
 King of the Monsters 2     25   55
 Last Resort                20   35
 Last Blade                140  180  259
 Last Blade 2              175  240  279
 League Bowling             10   40
 Legend of Success Joe      80  149
 Mahjong Kyoretsuden        20   40   89
 Magical Drop 2             80  159
 Magical Drop 3            199  259  329
 Magician Lord              15   40
 Master of Syougi           79  129
 Metal Slug                299  359
 Metal Slug 2              150  230  259
 Minnasanno Okagesamadesu   89  139  159
 Mutation Nation            10   30
 NAM-1975                   15   30
 Neo-Geo Cup '98            80  200  250
 Neo Turf Masters           85  189  299
 Ninja Combat               20   40
 Ninja Commando             20   45
 Ninja Masters             189  339  399
 Over Top                   89  159  229
 Pulstar                   189  279  349
 Puzzled                    10   40(170 for US version)
 Quiz Daisousa Sen          69  119
 Quiz King of Fighters      59   89
 Quiz Meintantei Neo Geo-Quiz Daisousa Sen Part 2   109  199
 Ragnagard                 189  289  369
 Real Bout Fatal Fury       90  130  279
 Real Bout Fatal Fury Special 105  130  279
 Real Bout Fatal Fury 2    120  160  259
 Riding Hero                25   39
 Robo Army                  10   35
 Samurai Shodown            20   45  189
 Samurai Shodown 2          30   80  209
 Samurai Shodown 3          60  129  299
 Samurai Shodown 4          90  199  299
 Savage Reign               30   70  159
 Sengoku                    10   25
 Sengoku 2                  50   89(250 for US version)
 Soccer Brawl               15   35
 Spinmaster                 20   50
 Stakes Winner              80  120
 Stakes Winner 2           100  169
 Street Hoop                20   50   89
 Super Baseball 2020         5   15
 Super Sidekicks            10   25
 Super Sidekicks 2          30   55
 Super Sidekicks 3          45   80  199
 Super Spy                  20   35
 Thrash Rally                5   20
 Top Hunter                 25   60
 Top Players Golf            5   15
 Twinkle Star Sprites      190  369  439
 Ultimate 11               175  369
 View Point                 79  140(250 for US version)
 Voltage Fighter Gowcaizer  89  140  239
 Waku Waku 7               170  299  349
 WindJammers                60   99
 World Heroes                5   20
 World Heroes 2             20   40
 World Heroes 2 Jet         25   55
 World Heroes Perfect       99  159  279

NEO-GEO CD:

 Neo-Geo CD System          70  155  225
 Neo-Geo CDZ System        100  245  300
 Neo-Geo CD System*        150  290  375
(above is the limited edition front-loading 1x unit, 2500 units made)
 3 Count Bout               15   30
 ADK World                  15   30
 Aero Fighters 2            20   29   49
 Aero Fighters 3            25   44
 Aggressors of Dark Kombat  15   30
 Alpha Mission 2            10   29
 Art of Fighting            30   59
 Art of Fighting 2          10   24   39
 Art of Fighting 3          30   39   69
 Art of Fighting 3 Limited  35   50   80
 Band of the Fighters       29   59
 Baseball Stars             15   29
 Baseball Stars 2           29   44
 Blue's Journey             15   29
 Breakers                   39   69   89
 Burning Fight              15   30
 Chotetsu Brikin'ger ~iron clad~  69  89  119
 Crossed Swords             20   34
 Crossed Swords 2           25   44   54
 Cyber-Lip                  15   25
 Double Dragon              29   39   44
 Drift-Out New Technology   40   79
 Eight-Man                  15   29
 Fatal Fury                 30   59
 Fatal Fury 2               10   29
 Fatal Fury Special         15   29
 Fatal Fury 3                5   20   39
 Final Romance 2            50   79
 Football Frenzy            10   29
 Futsal                     39   74
 Galaxy Fight               10   35
 Ghost Pilots                5   29
 Jyanshin Densetsu          40   89
 Kabuki Klash               15   35
 Karnov's Revenge           10   29
 King of Fighters '94       15   24
 King of Fighters '95       10   24   29
 King of Fighters '96       20   39   49
 KOF '96 CD Collection      14   24
 King of Fighters '97       32   45   54
 King of Fighters '98       34   52   74
 King of Monsters 2         19   35
 Last Resort                10   29
 Last Blade                 29   59   69
 Last Blade 2               29   59   74
 Magical Drop 2             15   34
 Magician Lord               5   19
 Mahjong Kyo Retsuden       10   29
 Mahjong Story              15   35
 Master of Syougi           35   79
 Metal Slug                 25   69
 Metal Slug 2               20   54
 Mutation Nation            15   29
 NAM-1975                   15   39
 Neo-Geo CD Special         15   29
 Neo Turf Masters           25   50
 Ninja Combat               10   24
 Ninja Commando             19   29
 Ninja Masters              34   59   79
 Oshidashi Zintrick         19   39
 Over Top                   30   59  
 Power Spikes 2             19   39
 Pulstar                    49   79
 Puzzle Bobble              10   29
 Puzzle De Pon              20   35
 Puzzled                    10   29
 Ragnagard                  19   49
 Rally Chase                 5   19
 Real Bout Fatal Fury       25   44
 Real Bout Fatal Fury Special 25  44  49
 Real Bout Fatal Fury 2     30   44   54
 Riding Hero                 5   25
 Samurai Shodown            15   30
 Samurai Shodown 2           5   15   29
 Samurai Shodown 3          15   34   44
 Samurai Shodown 4          20   44   54
 Samurai Shodown RPG        30   59   64
 Savage Reign               10   30
 Sengoku                    15   39
 Sengoku 2                  20   39
 Soccer Brawl                5   20
 Stakes Winner              15   29
 Street Hoop                 5   24
 Super Baseball 2020        10   24
 Super Sidekicks            15   29
 Super Sidekicks 2          15   29
 Super Sidekicks 3           5   15
 Super Spy                  15   39
 Top Hunter                 15   29
 Top Players Golf            5   15
 Twinkle Star Sprites       29   59   79
 View Point                 29   44
 Voltage Fighter Gowcaizer  25   39   59
 Windjammers                10   29
 World Heroes                5   19
 World Heroes 2             10   25
 World Heroes 2 Jet         10   25
 World Heroes Perfect       29   45   59
--------------


|---------------|
|NEO MARKETPLACE|
|---------------|

       These are all retailers that carry either the Home Cartridge, the
Neo-Geo CD, or the MVS Carts and System.  Please enjoy!
      You can call SNK, and they'll tell you a list of dealers that carry the
NEOGEO, if you ask.  But, some of the places they give you are outdated, so don't 
worry when most of the places they give you turn up empty.
      Also, when I say "no phone #", I mean that there is no phone # posted, or
that the person on the other line doesn't speak English(rarely the case though).

 NEOGEO Cart/CD Stores:

Apocalypse Games: no phone # (has lots of carts and CDs)"www.apocalypsegames.com/new.htm"
Arcadia Multimedia:(44)113-293-0343 (temporary web page, has some stuff)"www.bfn1.demon.co.uk/arcadia.htm"
Bubble Games:(55)21-254-7265 (has lots of Neo CDs)"www.sosserve.com.br/bubble.htm"
BuyRite:(919)850-9473 (CDs, rarely carts, not good service)"www.buyrite1.com"
Chip Shop 2000:(44)151-708-0022 (UK's source for Neo CD)"www.cshop.demon.co.uk/chipshop.html"
Direct Shopping Ltd.: no phone # (limited selection of Neo in Brazil)"www.dshop.com/shopping/index.htm"
Er'Gain Hobby: (65)449-0320 (Singapore's finest source of Neo)"members.xoom.com/ergain"
Game Cave:(626)930-1300 (started to sell Neo carts again, at high prices, CDs too)"www.gamecave.com"
Game Craze:(716)663-4310 (has some carts occasionally)"www.gamecraze.com/gamecraz.htm"
Game Dude:(818)764-9506 (an excellent source of carts and CDs!)"www.gamedude.com"
Game Express:(61)3-9898-1438 (Australia's best video game source)"www.gamexpress.com.au"
Game Game: no phone # (another Spain source for Neo)"www.imk.es/cem/game.htm"
Game Land:(310)791-3861 (has quite a few carts in stock)
Game Locators: no phone # (can find any game, regardless of price)"www.gamelocators.com"
Game Masters:(510)483-4263 (has some CDs, old carts for sale also)"www.game-masters.com"
Game Source:(212)279-6758 (these guys may have what you're looking for)
Game Source Online:(888)318-4263 (has some Neo stuff)"www.gamesourceonline.com"
Gametronix:(65)270-0897 (another of Singapore's finest)
Game World:(410)676-0670 (can look for rare carts if you want)"www.netgsi.com/~gwusa"
Games Etc.: (415)731-1683 (has mostly Neo-Geo CDs)
Games To Go:(612)798-5879 (has some carts, mostly older)"www.gamestogo.com"
Intertain:(44)181-659-9149 (may have what you are looking for)"www.on-lne.co.uk/Intertain/main.htm"
Japan Video Games:(626)281-9282 (CDs, new and used carts, great service)
J&J Video Games:(717)644-1590 (may have some Neo-Geo games in stock)"www.sunlink.net/~jjvideo"
J&L Games:(212)431-1541 (has some Cartridges and CDs)"www.jnlgame.com"
Kevin's Import Game Heaven: no phone # (doesn't have much in Neo)"www.angelfire.com/mi/keviny/systems.html"
Maro Videospiel:(49)711-221-422 (Germany's finest supplier of CDs, has Brikin'ger in stock)"www.maro-gmbh.com"
MegaTech:(27)21-23-1887 (South Africa's biggest video game dealer)"www.cia.co.za/advert/games/megatech.htm"
McVan's Video Game Trader:(219)493-3722 (can have some Neo equipment)"www.mcvansvideogames.com"
Multimedia 1:(212)539-1039 (has older carts, most Japanese)"www.multimedia1.com"
National Console Support:(718)523-5774 (has a LOT of imports, can find games)"www.ncsx.com"
Neo-Logical: no phone # (a fan's website, who has a LOT of Neo games for sale)"www.eisa.net.au/~jobar"
Neo-Geo Super Seller: no phone # (a great place to get Neo stuff)"www.alles.or.jp/~rgsir/index_e.html"
Next Generation:(44)181-33-90-666 (UK's good source for many systems)"www.next-gen.co.uk"
Raven Video Games:(651)774-9497 (this place will have lots of Neo-Geo in a little while)
Royal Electronic:(818)781-6300 (has some Neo equipment, call for info)"www.royalelec.com"
SNK Main Office:(408)292-4550 (has most of the carts, at a price!)"www.snkusa.com"
Spielraum:(49)09131-205093 (actually, a very good selection of Neo stuff)"www.videospiele.com/spielraum"
Spiel Station:(49)7151-526-506 (has every platform you can imagine)"www.spiel-station.com"
Sunrise Import: (33)147-70-27-04 (France's import shop for everyone)
Superfami.com: no phone # (Japanese stuff, also has other systems)"www.superfami.com"
Swap USA:(404)792-7872 (has few cartridges and CDs)"www.swapusa.com"
Telegames US:(972)228-0690 (has a limited selection of CDs, cheap though)"www.telegames.com"
Telegames UK:(44)116-288-0445 (UK's source for Neo Carts, very good source)"www.telegames.co.uk"
The Rage:(516)467-1679 (has a good number of newer CDs and cartridges)"www.therage.com"
TrueGamers:(847)205-9644 (carries just CDs, located near Chicago)"www.dreamin.com/truegamers/"
Video Connections:(416)340-1211 (Canada's only good source for Neo)
Videogame Advantage: no phone # (trader board, with Neo on it)"www.io.com/~vga2000"
Videogames Connections:(732)462-8343 (has some carts, but not much)"www.videogamesconnections.com"
Videogame Depot:(516)582-5663 (has some Neo cartridges and CDs in stock)"www.videogamedepot.com"
Videogames Unlimited:(414)764-7776 (has some Neo carts, sporadically)"members.tripod.com/~videogamesrus/index.html"
Washiya: no phone # (great prices for Neo, but don't yet deal in it)"www1.sphere.ne.jp/washiya/"
Yamatoku:(81)76-280-6315 (a very good Japanese source for New Neo stuff)"www.toku.co.jp"

 NEOGEO MVS Stores:

50th State Coin-op:(800)424-5050 (doesn't have a good selection at all)"www.gamegod.com"
Automaticos Valls:(34)96-291-7026 (this place in Spain has got the goods)"www.automaticosvalls.com"
Bondeal: no phone # (a great source for SNK MVS Stuff)"www.bondeal.com.hk"
Bumper:(61)3-9696-9690 (Australia's best MVS Source)"www.bumper.com.au"
Coinop International:(612)321-9632 (very good source of MVS stuff, great to deal with)"www.coinopintl.com"
Cosmic Amusements: (852)2388-2101 (great Hong Kong source for MVS equipment)"home.netvigator.com/~cosmicco"
Creideas: no phone # (great foreign source for MVS equipment)"www.vnet.es/creideas"
Fuuki: no phone # (excellent Japanese MVS Source)"www.mediawars.or.jp/~fuukico/"
Game City:(626)573-3832 (has MVS boards, carts, and other video games)"www.gamescity.com"
Great Western Trading:(541)726-1813 (MVS carts and boards)"www.gwtrading.com"
Hugo Neumann:(800)998-4846 (good, but high priced MVS carts sometimes)
Kimble:(353)42-36574 (Ireland's finest supplier of arcade equipment)"www.kimble.ie"
MAS Systems:(714)831-5760 (accessories, and the various cart system mods.)"www.massystems.com"
Midwest Amusements:(847)364-7722 (has some MVS carts, a couple rare ones)"www.midwestamusement.com"
MHP Ent. Ltd.:(44)125-45-6029 (another MVS source in the UK, call for info)"www.mhpuk.mcmail.com"
Mondial Group:(914)738-7411 (is a little high in the price department)"www.mondialgroup.com"
Outer Limits Amusements:(800)474-2637 (has some decent MVS stuff, nothing special)"www.outerlimitsgames.com"
Presto PCB's: no phone # (Steve Eisner's selling place for lots of MVS stuff)"www.cdc.net/~presto/pcb"
Rent-A-Game:(416)650-3718 (Canadian supplier of MVS units)"www.rent-a-game.com"
Sage Electronik AG:(41)61-691-1555 (Swiss dealer in Neo MVS)"www.sage-ag.ch"
State Sales and Coin:(410)646-4100 (MVS carts, complete machines)"www.sscoin.com"
Tuning:(49)89-311073 (Germany's source of good MVS carts, quality, and sometimes high priced)"www.tuning.com/english"
Video Connection:(800)444-6854 (MVS everything, board prices are high)"www.videoconnect.com"
Worldwide Distributors:(773)384-2300 (okay source for MVS)"www.dirs.com/update/wwdi/wwdi.txt"


   Also, check "www.ebay.com", eBay Auctions, for Neo-Geo stuff. Search "neo geo".
And, check the Usenet newsgroups that follow, for Neo-Geo info:
 alt.games.video.import.japanese
 rec.games.video.marketplace
 rec.games.video.misc
 rec.games.video.arcade
 rec.games.video.arcade.collecting
 rec.games.video.arcade.marketplace
    
   To subscribe to the NEO-GEO mailing list(for buying carts, or bullshitting with other Neo owners), send 
the text "subscribe neogeo" in email to listar@dhp.com, and can send messages to the same address. 
    The mailing list has on average, 75-100 pieces of e-mail a day, so if your e-mail 
provider tells you that too much mail is coming in, well...
--------------


|------------------------------|
|Past Updates, and Coming Soon!|
|------------------------------|


 UPDATES:

 v.1.0: First ever edition of this FAQ, with a limited gamelist.(4/10/97)
 v.1.1: Important updates, include a revamped gamelist and new questions were put up.(4/23/97)
 v.1.2:  Added new questions.(4/25/97)
 v.1.3-1.9b: Questions were corrected, and gamelist was added to.(5/29/97, around there)
 v.2.0: New questions, and Other Info was added.(6/13/97)
 v.2.1-2.5: Gamelist was updated.(around 8/20/97)
 v.2.6: This is now the best gamelist of Neo games on the Net! I can back up these claims 
as well, and this FAQ has a lot of added questions as well.(10/25/97)
 v.2.7-2.8: Added questions, updated gamelist and reviews of my own.(12/10/97)
 v.2.9:  Added searchable area of my FAQ, updated my gamelist and reviews.(1/23/98)
 v.2.9a-2.99c:Updated gamelist, added questions.(around 2/15/98)
 v.2.99d: Bold print and more reviews accentuate this interim release.(2/22/98)
 v.3.0: Revamped FAQ, with more questions, and my gamelist corrected. (2/23/98)
 v.3.1-3.2: Corrections to this FAQ, including new reviews and questions.(2/26/98-3/1/98)
 v.3.3: Added 4 new questions, updated my Game List, and cleaned it up somewhat.(3/6/98)
 v.3.4-3.43: Another interim release, with new questions and game list updates galore.(3/31/98)
 v.4.0-4.09: Barring any more updates, this will be the definitive update, and will answer 
all your questions to the Neo-Geo.  Also, it will be the last update, for a long time.(4/31/98)
 v.4.1-4.98: A compound of updates, and my review page is almost finished!  Some more questions were added.(6/2/98)
 v.5.0: Another update compounding, this will try to end up being over 100kbits in size, which it did. (6/8/98)
 v.5.1-5.46: This FAQ will have some more updates done to it.(6/17/98)
 v.5.5: Not much more info will be needed, just new game info....(6/26/98)
 v.5.6: I just need any more info, as this will hit the 100KBits mark, for text version, soon.(7/15/98)
 v.5.7-5.89: Coming closer to the final completion, lots more will be added. (7/16/98)
 v.6.0: Getting to the end, almost done! (7/17/98)
 v.6.5: Almost to the end!(7/20/98)
 v.7.0: Will probably be the last update. Almost everything is complete.(8/16/98)
 v.7.5-7.9b: This will continue to support the Neo world, through 1999, as this is the defining point 
in this Neo FAQ's history.(10/4/98)
 v.8.0-8.0b: Getting bigger, this will say all the megabit counts for each game that is released! (10/5/98)
 v.8.1-8.5a: Now, it's actually 100kbits in size. (10/15/98)
 v.9.0-9.5: Another standard release...with more questions and a complete Prototype list.(11/15/98)
 v.9.6-9.6c: More megabit counts, and a new question answered....(2/28/99)

 COMING SOON!:
 
 v.9.7: This will be the second version in 1999, with more updates!
 
---------------


 THIS FAQ IS NOT ENDORSED OR MADE BY SNK ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION!!!!!!

  I would wish to thank(in no particular order)Russ Krook III, Sylvio Hodos, David Smith, 
Israel Alvarado, Spaceman Spiff, Conrad Fenech, Frigerio Stefano, Christopher Olszewski, 
Lawrence Bassin, Jacob Poon, Vince Yang, Chris Ray, Takeshi Kuroda, Shinichirou Mukaigashira, 
Dion Dakis, and MAS Systems. 
  Special thanks to Ralph Barbagallo III, for making the first one to improve and learn on.  
Any comments or questions about this FAQ and the NEOGEO?  E-mail me at Cmull11217@aol.com.  Happy gaming!

 |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
 <Copyrighted 1997, 1998, 1999 by Chris Mullins, all rights reserved. Any republication of>
 <this material, without written consent from myself(Chris Mullins), and credit to myself,> 
 <will be subject to fines and/or sentencing due to plagiarism.                           >
 |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

                                           ~remembering a tradition~

  /-------------------------------------\
 /|-------------------------------------|\
< | Chris Mullins's NEO-GEO FAQ 9.6c END| > 
 \|-------------------------------------|/   
  \-------------------------------------/
    

